                  A Baby at any Cost (2022) - full transcript                   

foodval.com - stop by if you're interested in the nutritional composition of food  --- 
            Jen?Jen?Jen?Oops... sorry!Jason?Oh, shoot. Monica.How could you do this?With my sister?I... I've gotta go.Get out of my house.Monica, I'm sorry... I...



No. No, you're not.It's... You have everything!You're the smart one,you're the beautiful one!I just wanted...My boyfriend?Well, you can have him, Jen.Monica!Monica, please don't go!Monica!Monica, I'm sorry.Push. Push.Almost... Come on...Breathe.Come on.



Thank you.Hi, Olivia.Hi.Look at these cheeks.I know. And her tiny...Did you see her toes?- Oh, her toes.- I know.Oh my gosh, I can't believehow perfect she is, Brad.Now that she's here,it makes everything we wentthrough, truly worth it.Lily, I don't evenknow how to thank you.We're so grateful.I knew it the moment we met,you'd be wonderful parents.Just like the other familyI gave this gift to,you're both so loving and kind.You changed our lives forever.We can't thank you enough.Yeah.Who's that?I wanna bet I know.It's my sister again.She's been blowing up my phone.Yeah, she's been texting me too.You want me to get her?Sure, yeah.Jen?Is everything okay?Yes. Six pounds, sevenounces, 19 inches.Olivia is healthy and perfect.- Can I see her?- Yes, come with me.But, hey, Jen...It's been an emotional day.Let's keep it positive,concentrate on the baby.Of course!I just think it should havebeen me as the surrogate.We're family.I'm just so happy you are happy.I've been stuck out therewaiting to meet you, Olivia!Oh, look at her.Let me hold her.Yeah.Why don't youanswer my calls?We've been a little busy.Careful, careful, careful.Look at her...She's so perfect.There's Jen.Yeah, that's her.kind of wantsome time, but...Bless her heart.Welcome home!Jen,thank you.Ruby and I made it.She wanted to be here today,but I'll bring herby later tonight.Thank you.Can I hold her?Can I hold her?Let's go inside first.Yeah.I didn't know youwere coming by.I didn't...Where else would I be, right?Come on, Olivia.Hi, baby.Ohhh.Gentle.I know how to handlea baby, Monica.I think she looks like me.I'll make surethe nursery's set.Thanks.Let's take a selfie.It's Sam. I have to take it.- Hey.- What time are you drooping off Ruby?- What do you mean?- It's my night is what I mean.Ruby said she wants tomeet her cousin tonight,so, it doesn't matterif it's your night.She has homework.She has the right tosee her cousin, Sam.That's fine. I'lljust pick her myself...No, you can't do that,because she's my daughter, too!Sam?He hung up on me?That is so not okay.- I'm calling him back.- No, don't call him back.You're too upset.You can't let Samget to you like this.You know, Ruby misses me,and she wants to meet Olivia.He's being so unreasonableand by the book.Oh, lawyers.Hey. Thanks.Oh, no, no. Notyou. You're amazing.I wouldn't have the houseif it weren't for you.It's just Sam, you know, he...He calls me a bad mom,because I'm not raising Rubythe way he thinksshe should be raised.You're a great mom.I know!His ego's just bruised,because you left him.And remember, you'rebeing true to yourself,and you're not lettinghim control you.But he's still controlling me.And now my child is slowlybeing taken from me.Babe, that'snot gonna happen.Not if I can help it.You are so lucky you havea nice daddy, Olivia.I wish Ruby did.Seriously, Mon, you have it all.Beautiful home, anamazingly supportive husbandwith a successful business.Your law practice is on fire,and now you have Olivia.Mom and Dad wouldbe so proud of you.They always were, though.And they were proud of you too.Yeah, right.They were!And hey, we're gonnawin Ruby's custody case.Thanks, Mon.You're always on my side.Oh. Open my present.What? You did nothave to do that.Jen!I used to read thatto Ruby when she was little.I know. And Olivia's gonnalove it just the same.Yeah.I'm all set tojump in and nanny,you just say the word.I already switched all myyoga classes to nights.Thanks.The nursery is all set.Great.Come on, Olivia,let's go see your new room.You have it all, Monica.Jen isobsessed with Olivia.Ah, she misses Ruby.You know, Sam'sbarely let her see herthe last three weeks.I know.At least she's been busy here.Well, you've been a great sisterfor putting up with her.She was there for me alot after the accident.She's the reason why yougot into the accidentin the first place, Mon.That's all behind us.And we were young.Jen has a really big heart.She's just...out to sometimes.She's determined to know everydetail of Olivia's schedule.Oh, she can't wait forus to get back to work.You know, I'm gonna have to,uh, make sure Jen stays focusedwhenever she takes over.You know her.Unfortunately, uh,I have to go back to workearlier than we planned.Oh.It's okay.I have a doctor's appointment,and Olivia canjust come with me.Oh, and Jen will be hereto help me tomorrow afternoon.Oh, why don't youstop by the officeafter your appointment?Jen can meet you there.Are you sure?It's only been two weeks, right?And I'm going to missour little Oliviaon my first day back to work.It'd be nice to see her...and you.Hey, babe, what's wrong?It's nothing. I'm sorry, hey.It's just...I mean, I know Ishould be gratefulthat we have Olivia,and I am, but...part of me is like heartbrokenfor the things Icouldn't do for her.Like what?I couldn't carryher inside of me.I couldn't deliver her.I can't even breastfeedher, Brad. I...Babe, Olivia doesn'tcare about any of that.She just wants you to love her.You're gonna...make the best mom ever.You have more love to givethan anyone I've ever met.And Olivia and I arelucky to have you.Thank you.It's been a few weekssince I've been in the office.- I have cookies.- Lily?Lily, oh, you are so sweet.Oatmeal raisin for youand chocolate chipfor you know who.You know me too well,and we have missed you.Yes. It'sbeen two weeks.You look amazing.Thanks.This is for Olivia.Thank you.My mom read it to mewhen I was a baby,and apparently I loved it.Oh my gosh!She's so much bigger.How is the little princess?Well, the little princesswas up all night,but I made some coffee.Do you want some?I would love some,but let me get it.You're a sleep-deprived mom now.Besides, I know whereeverything is in this office.It hasn't been that longsince I worked here.You know, I was so happyto hear from you, Brad.And you said that youhave a surprise for me?Oh, I do.Check it out.Okay.You are officially the starof the new app we're developing.Baby Steps.What do you think?- Wow.- Seeing Olivia growinside of you,really inspired me,and our focus groups areabsolutely loving it.It's a bit overwhelming.I mean, I...I just, I... I nevercould have imaginedan app about my pregnancywould come from a temp job.Well, we never imagineda temp would volunteerto be our surrogate, so...When Brad told me what youguys were going through,I knew I could help.The first time I didit, it made me so happy,so...why not do it again?We are so blessed tohave met you, Lily.Look at you two with her.You know, if you makean app about parenting,you two should be the stars.Actually, I'll get a picture.We'd love apicture. Thank you.No problem. Happy to.Smile.Oh, it's so cute.Oh, hey, Lily, ifyou're free tomorrow,do you wanna goon a picnic with Olivia and me?I would love that.So, meet at my house at 10?That sounds perfect.That does sound perfect.Oh, great. Jen. You're here.Hi, Jen.I brought the bottle warmer.I got your textto bring it over.Thank you. Um, couldyou, uh, take a pictureof us with Lily, please?Yeah, that would be...That would be great.Here's my phone.Hey, Jen, did youbring the formula?Oh, no, I forgot.It's okay.And I should take Olivia home,and Brad can actuallyget some work done, so...Hey, Jen.- What?- You'll take the photo.Oh, sorry.- Uh, thank you.- Thank you so much. Um...It was so great to see you guys,and she's perfect.See you tomorrow.Hey, don't forget tosend me the picture.I wanna frame it.Oh, of course.Uh, before you go, canyou, um, take one of us.Is it already noon? I'm sorry.I... I really have to go.Um, but I'll see you guys.- Bye, Lily.- Bye, Lily.I love her.So do my investors.Okay, well, let's pack up.- We don't have any formula, so...- Okay.Am I ever getting aphoto of all of us together?You know, as a family.Actually, how about you comewith us to the park tomorrow.For the picnic.We can get a photo there.Okay. Yeah.Thanksfor inviting me.I'll see you at the car.It's okay, Olivia.Shh.Shh.Guys. It's her tummy again.Hey, Jen, can you grabthat medicine, please?Wow. It's beautiful. I'venever been here before.We used to come herewhen we were little.Jen, do you have it?I... I can't find it.I asked you specificallyto bring it.Give me a sec.I know it's in here.I know a techniquethat might help.Do you mind if I try?- Of course.- Yeah?So, you just move your handclockwise like thatand it helps move thegas and relieve the pain.Wow. Is it working, Olivia?How did you know that?I read alot of baby booksduring both pregnancies,just to make sure I wasdoing everything right, so...An overachieving surrogate.Mm-hmm. Yeah.I'm not surprised.I knew you would be.She's happy now.Say thank you, Lily.Of course.That's my girl. Yeah.Thank you so muchfor inviting me.That was really fun.- You kidding? Thank you so much for coming.- Of course.Ooh, Brad said they'relaunching the app next week.- Wow! That's soon.- I know.I still can'tget over that poster.It's Ruby.She misses me. Shesays that Sam's beingway too strict.Sorry.- Is she alright?- You okay?Is she alright?Are you okay?The parking brake wasn't on.You just need to flip this paddlewith your foot like this...I know how to use it.Really, you don't, Jen.She could have been hit.I thought that I did.I mean, I know that I, I did.Let's just go home.- Here, I can help if you...- I got it.Oh, shecould've been hit, Brad.I can't believe it.What did Jen say?That she thoughtshe set the brake,and then she was sure she did.I'm wondering if it's a goodidea for her to be our nanny?I don't think it is.She forgot the formula.She forgot Olivia'sstomach medicine.Now this.I love my sister.I don't know what's goingon with her right now.Maybe it's the custodybattle with Sam.- We need to put Olivia first.- Yeah.I can take Oliviato the office with meuntil we get things figured out.You know what? We canhave mommy and me time.Jennifer. Whatcan I do for you?I was wondering if I could takeRuby to lunch this Saturday?I don't thinkthat's a good idea.Why not?Well, for starters, it's my day,and I want her with me.Plus, you're not a goodinfluence on her right now.Why would you thinkthat? I'm her mother.She told meyou let her createa YouChat account.But she was feelingso left out, Sam.Okay, well, you needto check with me first.I'll talk to her.I already took it off her phone.Why would you dosomething like that, Sam?You know, you don't evenknow what she wants!What she wants is not asimportant as what she needs.As a mother, you don'tseem to understand that.You're not here to beRuby's best friend.You're here to beher role model,to make sure she'ssafe and focused,but you can't seem to get that.Even your sisterknows you can't.What did my sister say?You have problems, Jennifer,but you're not myproblem anymore.Okay, herewe go. Thanks guys.- And we'll talk later.- Yes.All right. Be safe.Hey, you.Hey.There's our star.What are you doing here?Oh, I had to sign a releaseform for your baby app.I'm also looking for tempjobs if anything opens up.Thought you wantedsomething more permanent.Ideally. Um, butuntil I find it,temping's gonna have to do.Um, by the way, if you everwant someone to watch Olivia,so you guys can goon a date night,just let me know.- Really?- Yeah.Actually, can you waithere for a minute?Hey, babe.Hey, how's it going?Between feeding her,changing her and rocking her?This briefing isgonna take me forever.Yeah, I'm leaving soonand I can swing byand take her home, so youcan get some work done.- Thank you.- Hey, listen...I have an idea.I'm intrigued.I'm thinking Lily should beour nanny.Wait. Well, what about Jen?What about Jen?You know what? You're right,but would Lilyeven be up for it?Well, she's here now.She told me that she'slooking for a job.She actually evenvolunteered to babysit.Think about it, Mon,we could go out once in a while.That'd be nice.I'll see if she canfollow me to the officewhen I pick up Olivia,and we can talk about it.Jen's coming overin about an hourto go over her paperwork. Um,can you be here fast?I'll be rightover. I love you.Hey.Are you busy right now?Uh, no. Why?Knock knock.Hey.- Aah!- Go and see dad.You're giving Mommy a hard time?Hi. Hi, beautiful.Hi, Lily. How are you?Good. Good.Okay. So, Lily,um, we could really usesome help with Olivia,and Brad mentioned youwere looking for work.Would you be interestedin a nanny position?Really?Only if you're comfortable.Yeah, I... I would love to.Thank you. Thank you so much.Thank you.For what?Oh, nothing.Actually, you're early.Maybe weshould get going.Uh, yeah. Um,let, let me help you.- Oh, I'll call you tomorrow, Lily.- great.That's great.Okay, so we havea lot to go over.Sam's amended the custody.What just happened?With Lily?I know something did.What... We'll talkabout it tomorrow.'cause we have alot to go over here.No.Now, Mon.We've decided to haveLily help us with Olivia.Instead of me, becauseof the other day?You have, uh, your yoga studio,and Ruby.This is just... It'sgonna be better this way.For who?Yeah.No, you're...You're... You're right.Let's um, let's dealwith Ruby right now.Uh, so Sam filed acustody amendment.Sorry, um, just so I know,when is, um, Lily gonna start?I really need you rightnow to focus on this, okay?Yeah, okay.Okay, so...Sam's filing for full custody.He agreed to 50/50.Originally, he did.I don't know whathappened, but...he's changed his mind.He always changes his mindand he always gets his way.You and Sam have it alland I'm left with nothing.Jen...No, I see what you're doing.I see what's going on.You are both punishing me.He's taking my babyand you have hired someoneelse to take care of my niece.Sam told me youdon't think I'm a good mom.I never said that.Then why wouldyou do this to me?Why would... Would youhire a... a strangerover your own sister?I have tried my entire lifeto be like you, Monica,to be good and responsible.And now I'm being kickedout of my own family?You're still her aunt.You can come visither anytime you want to.And as for Ruby,just because he'sfiling for full custody,that does not meanhe's gonna get it.I see what you're doing.You're still punishingme for the accident.Isn't ten years enough?It has nothing to do with that.You were takingher away from me,just like he is.Jen!Oh, sorry.I'm so sorry.No, I... I'm. I'm sorry.I... I forgot my purse.Are you okay?Oh yeah. It's nothing. Um...Is Jen okay?I'm so sorry. My sister'sgoing through a lot right now,and um, sometimesshe has a short fuse.She'll be okay.She'll be fine.I'm sure of it.Yeah. Yeah, of course.Okay.911 what's thenature of your emergency?It's probably justsome high school kids,- like the police said.- Uh-uh.So, it was just my carwindow that was smashed.It was the only one.Then who? Some oldclient with a grudge?Actually...Jen left the officereally upset today.I've never seen her that mad.You think Jen did this?- Hey.- Hey.I'm sorry aboutwhat happened today.I lost my temper.How are you now?Still upset.You chose somerandom girl over me.It hurts.Well, he's not random,Jen, but I can understandhow you would feel that way witheverything going on with Ruby, so...Hey, listen...you were pretty upsetwhen you left today.You didn't like...do anything like crazy, did you?What are you talking about?Well, whenever I left work,my car window was smashed, Jen.I had to call thepolice, file a report...And you're thinking I did it?Are you kidding me?No, I just...Monica, I can't even believeyou would consider it.Give me some credit.I, I just needed to be sure.It's insulting.You're right...You're right.Can we talk about this tomorrow?No, I'm not gonnatalk about this again.Ever."You're playing fire. Stayaway from Monica and Brad."Oh, good. Ruby was lookingeverywhere for that.I'd like to giveit to Ruby myself.Well, she's busy.So... thanks.- Mom!- Oh, yay!Your mom's here.Hi, sweetie. How areyou? I've missed you.I missed you too.Baby girl.Now that you got your notebook,I need you to go startyour homework, alright?She just got here.I know, Rubes, but Ineed to talk to her,and you still needto do your homework.Listen to your dad,honey. It's okay.I'll see you soon.Oh, um...can we do my nails today?Of course, sweetie.Go start your homework.I'll be there soon.Why are you doing this, Sam?She clearly misses me.You cannot filefor full custody.Ruby's startingto forget things.She's distracted.She's losing her temper.She's starting toact a lot like you.She's nine, and misses her mom.She seems verypreoccupied, Jennifer.Her parents are gettinga divorce, Laura,and her father hasa new girlfriend.It's a lot.Don't take your anger out on me.I'm the one doingeverything for Ruby.You should be thanking me.- Thanking you?- Okay.Be reasonable, Jennifer.You're just not suited tocare for Ruby like we are.You're a bad influence.I'm her mother.Well, I'm kind oflike her mom too now.- Jennifer, enough!- You are not her mother!What are you gonna do? Hit me.Jennifer!We will definitelyget Ruby that way.You'll never get her, andyou will never be her mother.You need to leave,Jennifer. Now!Get off of my property.I'll see you in court.You're gonna haveto pay for that!They were monsters.You know, she was vicious.Hey, think big pictureand control your impulses.You know Sam's documentingall this for the judge.I don't even knowif I can anymore.He's such a jerk.Then do it for Ruby.Oh, I have to showyou what I bought her?Mother-daughter bracelets.Aren't they cute?- She's gonna love those.- I think so too.Yeah.I saw Lily'scar out front.How's that going?Uh, it's good.It's just her firstday, but good.You wanna...You wanna make Olivia's bottle?Sure.Hey.Oh, Jen, I didn'tknow you were here.Hi, Lily.Could you passme a burp cloth, please?Oh, sure.- Sorry.- Thank you.Oh, the book I gave you.That's actually the bookthat Lily got Olivia.Oh.Great minds think alike.I guess so.Hey, Jen, Olivia's bottle.Uh, yeah, sure.Uh, and I'm gonnago finish the laundry.- Thanks.- Yeah.Hey, Jen.So sorry about the book.Please don't be mad.No, I'm fine.I don't really care.- You wanna feed her?- Yeah.Okay.There's your Aunt Jen. Yes!- Sleepy baby.- She's so precious.Thank you.Were you able to get abirthday present for Brad?Oh, yeah. Well, Lily saw himlooking at this watch online,so, I got it.Okay.Hey, what's this?This doesn't looklike Olivia's brand.It's amazing.It's what I gave Rubywhen she was a baby.It's rich in proteins andvitamins. It's organic.Jen, you can't do that.Give her to me.No. What did I do?You can't... You can'tswitch a baby's formula.It'll upset her stomach.But it'll be easieron her stomach.You didn't even ask me, Jen.Look, I... I knowwhat I'm doing.See, this is why youwouldn't work as her nanny.Mon, look, I'm sorry. Iwas just trying to help.Well, I have Lilyfor that, so...It'd just be so much easierif I took care of Olivia.I promise I'll do everythingthe way that you want.Sorry, Jen, I... Thisis what's best for now.But I'm her aunt. My lovefor her is different.Blood is blood.I don't want to talkabout this anymore.- Okay.- But I just wanna...Shh! She's... She's sleeping.You know, it's like you loveLily more than you love me.That's not true."To Olivia! Withall my love! Lily"All right, laundry's done.Um, I can organiseOlivia's toys if you want.Uh, she's... she's sleeping.Uh, was that in...In the garbage?I'm... I'm so sorry, Lily.I have no idea how this happenedor how it got there.Jen was the last one to have it.Yeah.Why would she do that?It's complicated.Please don't take it personally.Jen got into an argument withher ex and his girlfriend today,and Laura said somereally hurtful things.It seems like Jen'sgoing through a lot.But I will talk to her.Thank you for everythingyou've done today.I think I can take it from here.Oh, okay.- We'll see you tomorrow.- Oh yeah, absolutely.Thanks.Yeah.See you tomorrow.Are you ready?I'm the best soccerplayer in the world.You are, girl.I remember that last weekyou scored... two goals?No, not two, but three.Three goals?Not three, but four.Four goals?Okay. Let's see. Let'ssee what you got. Come on.Whoa! That was somefancy footwork, Ruby.Thank you.Okay, come on,try me again. Here we go.-Hey.-Hey, what... What are you up to?Uh, just running errands.I'm sorry I left in such a huff.No, it's okay.Hey, um, I found thatbook that Lily got Oliviain the trash.Really?Hey, did you, um...Jen, did you rip it up?What? No.Are you sure?Yes. I'm sure. Ithink I'd know.It's just... your temper.You know what, Monica,I didn't do it,and I really don'tneed a lecture from youon anger managementright now. I gotta go.What is it, Ruby?Nothing.Is that your mom?Go get your bag.I don't want you to belate for soccer practice.Ah!Help!Help me!Somebody?Help!One, two three,four, five, six,seven, eight, nine,ten, eleven...Hey.Hey.- Oh, looks great back here.- Thank you.- Sam.- Ugh, don't answer it.As your sister, I wouldn't,but as your lawyer, I have to.Hey, Sam.I have had enough, Monica.Your sister is out of control.Uh, slow down.What's going on?Jennifer could havekilled Laura today.That is what is going on.I am filing a restraining order.I'm gonna see to itthat she's never allowedanywhere near our daughter.Sam, can you just tell mewhat actually happened?Laura is in thehospital, Monica,and she might needsurgery, alright?Somebody pushed her down aravine when she was running.She could have died, Monica.Oh, Sam.- I'm so sorry.- We spoketo the police.We told them we'recertain it's Jen.Wait. So Laurasaid it was her?Jennifer threatenedLaura today, physically,and later on, Laura sawher driving by our house,and she had noreason to be there.She is going to payfor what she's done.What? What did he say?That you tried to hurt Laura.What? It's crazy.Jen, what exactlyhappened today?I told you, we hadsome words, that's it.I know. I mean later,like around three or four?Nothing. I was at the studio.Sam says you pushedLaura down a ravinewhile she was jogging.He's lost his mind. Iwould never do that.Mon, I was nowhere near Laura.This is just some plan to tryand get full custody of Ruby.Why can't you see that?All I know is Laura'sin the hospital.Sam contacted the policeand they filed a restrainingorder against you, Jen.And I don't thinkthey're making it up.Why don't you believe me?Hey, Monica.My guests are arriving.We'll talk about this later.- Hi, John, how are you?- Hey.- I'm good.- It's good to see you.- Come on in.- Okay.These are... Theseare really nice, yeah?- Thank you.- Yeah, of course.Happy birthday.Thank youfor the party, babe.You really outdid yourself.I'm gonna go check on Olivia.Oh, uh, Brad, I had,um, a little extra time.Uh, so I reorganisedyour closet,and your pyjamas areon the bottom shelf.Wow. Really?Well, thank you.And I made you overnightoats for tomorrow morning.You are the best. Whatwould we do without you?Hey, Lily, can yougive us a minute?Yeah, sure.Thank you.I'm very worried about you, Jen.You sound like Mom.It's gross.I didn't do anything.So there's nothing foryou to worry about.All right, well,let's go over it then.Um, when you left here,you went to the studio?Yeah.Then why is Laura saying youwere driving by her house?Because she's crazy, okay?And out to get me.Jen, you calledme from her street.I saw the neighbour'shouse in the background.So?Okay.I went to see Ruby for a minute.Monica, youdon't understand.That woman lives with my child.She takes her to danceclass and soccer practice.She does her nails.You know, Lauraeven said she wasmore like Ruby'smother than I was.I do know how hardthis is for you,but I don't think you appreciatehow much trouble youcould be in, Jen.So just...Be honest with me.I can not believe that you thinkthat I would hurt her or anyone.Look, I know I've had my issues,but just how messedup do you think I am?If you were in the parkwhen Laura got hurt,I need to know.You are making meout to be a bad one.Just like, you've always done.I'm trying to help you.I cannot believe you, Monica.You are my sister.You are the one personin this entire worldthat is supposed to standby me and believe me!Jen. Jen!No!Jen, you almost set myentire backyard on fire.Well, I'm sorry, okay?You know what? Just don'tcome back here anymore,not until you've gotprofessional help,because you are not yourself.And I do not want you aroundOlivia like this anymore.What?I'm her aunt.Don't you take heraway from me too.Why are you punishing me?I'm not punishing you.Are you afraid of me?No.I need space, Jen.I'll stillrepresent you,but I think weboth need some timeto just breathe, separately.Whatever's goingon with you, Jen,I clearly...I'm not capable of helpingyou the way you need.You're killing me, Monica.You're killing me!Jen!Stop!It's not for ever. Jen!Jen!Jen.Babe.Get inside.Brad, you have a workdinner tonight, right?No, it turned into just drinks.- This is delicious, Lily.- Good.You're babysittingtonight, right?Yes. Um, is it okay if Iswing by my mom's housewith Olivia later today?She's dying to meet her.It's not far.Of course. I didn't even knowyour mom lived in the area.You know, she's alwayswelcome here, too.Would love to meet her sometime.Thank you. It's very sweet.Great.What's wrong?I've got a meetingwith Jen tonightfor the first timesince everything.Sam's going for the jugular.But you haven'tspoken to her at all?And only about her case.Luckily Sam had todrop the charges.- That's good.- Yeah.I mean, they don'thave enough evidence.Laura didn't actuallysee her face,and the DA didn'tthink it would hold up,but like her custody issues,it's a whole nother battle.Oh, drinks won't take that long.How about I meet you atyour office, for backup?I got you, babe.Mm-hmm.- Thanks.- Yeah.Bye, Lily.Oh, bye, guys."Lily has a new post!"Hi.Hi.Are you okay?Sam and Laura aren't happy.Laura's filed a restrainingorder against you.I didn't do it. Theydon't have any evidence.They're using the dayyou lunged at Laurato prove you are a threat.What about Ruby's danceclasses and recitals?Laura's her dance teacher.Will I still beable to go to them?If the judge approves therestraining order, then...probably not.This is absurd.We will fight it.They're still filingfor full custody, right?Yes.Mon, I'm losing everything.Everything that meansanything to me...My daughter, my niece.I can't lose Ruby and Olivia.You won't.And I'm not having Lilycalling herself Aunt Lily.- What?- I'm Olivia's aunt, not her.Of course you are. I don'tknow what you're talking about.Yes, you do!You know exactly whatI'm talking about,and I can't take it anymore.- Everyone is against me!- Hey, Jen,take a breath.I'm not gonna let this happen.Call 911!She's beautiful, Lily...and good.Yeah, I know.You make wonderful babies.This reminds me of holdingyou when you were little.It's a very special feeling...But I'm not sure if this iswhat you should bedoing right now.Mom...I mean, what about...getting a job with a future,or going back to school?You know what? Weactually, we...We really have to go.I hardly got to see you.Brad and Monica aregonna be home soon.I have to put Olivia to bed.It's okay.I know.Yeah.Yeah, baby girl.It's bedtime.Yeah.Yeah. I know.Will you text me whenyou get to their house?It's late.It's good to see you again, Mom.It's good to have you back.Yeah.Hi.Mon, I'm so sorry.Jen, you need to go.Monica, I...I don't need the addedstress right now.It was an accident.Your lack of self controlhas never been anaccident. It's a choice.Mon!But the trauma youbrought my family,has got to go.Jen, you need to give us space.But we're family.You can't just throw out familylike the trash.Just please go.Okay, bye.Just us, huh?Yeah.And we hope Daddy's okay.All right. Let's get a bottle.That sound good?Ssh. Okay.Okay.Uh, she was justabout to take a nap,but I'm sure you'redying to hold her.I am.Thank you so muchfor last night.Of course.How's Brad?I was so worried.Oh, I hate to ask this, but um,I have to go into theoffice for a meetinghere in a little bit.Is there any way you could staya little bit longer?NormallyI'd reschedule,but, um, it's a huge client,and he's leavingfor Europe tomorrow.You poor thing.Now, this is alltoo much for you.Of course. I can take her.- Thank you.- Yeah.Morning.Hey, Margaret.Well, you don't sound too happy.I'm all right.How are the kids?Oh, they're great.Goes by so fast, you know.I mean, look at Ruby.She's getting so big.She is.Excuse me.Looking for a Jennifer Perry.Can I help you, officer?Are you Jennifer Perry?Uh, yes.You've been served witha restraining order.What?My lawyer said thatwe are fighting this,that it would be dismissed.You have to ask her, ma'am.So, our gameplan is, we're gonna provethere was no due process.Monica, I'm sosorry to bother you.Your sister's here.She seems really upset.Just tell her I'm with a client.Sorry, John.So, in order to prove that,we need to file this injunction.She's really busy.What do you mean she's busy?I'm sorry, she is withan important client.And I'm not important?I am her sister,and I was just serveda restraining order.Okay.Monica said that we'd fight it,but until we do, I cannotsee my own daughter,so, I need to talk to Monica.Let me try again.- I'll just go back there.- No, no, no!No. It'd be bestif I do it, okay?So, the injunction isgonna take two weeks?- At most.- Okay.I'm so sorry.I'm sorry. John, canyou gimme one second?- Excuse me.- Sure.What's going on?Jen's really upset.She got a restraining order.She said you weregonna fight it.We will fight it, butyou need to tell herit's not until afterwe go to court.Monica!Sam is away for work.How am I supposed to see Rubyif she is withLaura all the time?I will talk to youabout this later.You need to get your prioritiesstraight. I'm family.Monica, do you wantme to call security?You need to think about that?It seems the hitto the back of the headcaused a contusion.We wanna keep you a bit longer.How much longer?A day or two, dependingon what we find.I'm a... I'm a bit dizzy.I... I could go home.It's importantthat you rest.I'm ordering a fewtests, just to make sure.We want you whole and healthybefore we send you home.Okay.Thank you, Dr. Shannon.I cannot believeJen caused all this.I mean, I want what'sbest for her and Ruby.I'm sorry, babe.Why don't you take the night offand go home andtake care of Olivia?You would be okay?She needs you more than I do.Hey.Hi. How's Brad?He has to stay another night,but you have beenhere way too much.Are you kiddingme? I love it here.And my place is so boring.I'm... I can totallystay longer if you need.That's so nice. Thank you.I would actuallylike to get up earlyand go back to the hospital.- Is Olivia sleeping?- Yes.Okay, good.I cannot talk to Jen right now.I understand.Thank you.Hi, it's Monica.Leave a message.So, now you're nottaking my calls?That's great, Monica.As my lawyer, you'dbetter call me back."Meet me at my house.I need to talk to you."Want me to come to you?Fine.Hey, have you ever seensomeone sleep so beautifully?Oh, I miss her so much.Both of you get some sleep.I love you so much.I love you too.Good night.Good night.Bye.It's okay, Olivia.Shh. Ssh, baby.Lily?911. Whatis your emergency?Monica!Monica! Help! Help!Somebody, help!Call the police!Officers, what's...What's going on?What's... what's...What's going on?Hey!Keep your handswhere I can see them,and step away from her.Do it now.- You killed her?- Stand back.Did you hurt Olivia, too?I didn't do anything.I didn't do anything.Hi.Hi.I'm gonna be your mommy.She's coming to.And I'm gonna love your daddymore than anyone ever has.And we're gonna bethe best family.Yeah.In this house,the three of us, justlike we were meant to be.Okay?Oh, what?I just want you toknow she's alive.She is?That's great.Come with me.We have some questions for you.Okay.What hit me?Guys, what hit me?Let's...Let's sit up slowly.Take a few deep breaths.There you go.Where's my baby?Where's my...?Hey, she's okay.She's okay. She's with me.All right. I'm here for you.Monica, we needto take you to the hospital.Are you okay with leavingyour daughter here?Will you take care of Olivia?Of course.So you didn'tsee your attacker at all?They came up behind me.It happened so fast.- Here, I brought you this.- Thanks.Jennifer, I'd liketo ask you some questions.I told you everythingat the house.My sister texted me.And when I got there...Jen, I didn't text you,just tell the truth.I am telling the truth.You have to believe me.Monica, you wrote,"Please come over now.We have to talk." Look.I did not write that.Well, I didn't write it myself.I wouldn't evenknow how to do that.Mon, please, pleasecheck your phone.You're right.But, Jen, I don'tremember writing this.Head trauma cancause some confusion.No, I remember everything.I was making tea.I put the kettle onand I sensed someone behind me.When did I send that text?Uh, 7:15.I was in the shower then.And Lily was the only onewho had access to my phone.When Iinterviewed Lily,she said she was runningan errand for you.I didn't ask her to go anywhere.I'm so sorry. I'm confused.Maybe Lily'sthe one who hurt you.She wouldn't do that.Would she?We need to find my baby.If youknow Lily's address,I'll send Jones overthere right now.It's 19 Demarest Driveand I want an AmberAlert out now!Jones, I need a 10-90, a 10-90.Lily Mahoney?Lily?No response, heading back.- Did you find Lily?- No one was there.Jones looked through the windowsand the house was empty.Did you go inside?Yeah, we need awarrant for that.Well, get one!Have the judge issuean emergency warrant.They could be in danger.- Did you drive?- Yeah.Let's go.That is not a good idea.Hey, I'm a lawyer and a mother,and I'm gonna find my baby.- Where are we going?- To Lily's house?The cops won't go in. We will.I'm in.- The Amber Alert.- It took them long enough.Lily?Mon, there's a gate.Come on.Lily?Mon, I don't thinkanyone's in there.We have to get in to find out.Lily and Olivia couldget hurt in there.Jen, I gotta get in.Try this.Hurry before theneighbours call the police.- Careful.- Let's go.Lily.Mon, look at this.- What?- It's about Lily and her mom."Grandmother stealsadopted baby back."Look at the date.That's the year Lilyhad her first baby.Lily always saidit was such a giftto give her babyup for adoption.This says she was devastated.Her mom tried tosteal the baby back.And her mom went to jail for it.Does it sayher mom's name?Susan Loures.Susan's a criminal.She could have kidnappedLily and Olivia.Google her name andfind an address,because I know shelives close by.Maybe Lilytook Olivia there.I'll take a look.Someone's here.Why do we?Where do you think you're going?Don't make a move.Sir.I'm a lawyer. This isthe home of my employee.I'm calling the police.Just put the bat down. I can...- I can explain.- No explaining.You broke in. I caught you.911. What's thenature of your emergency?I found two women breakinginto my neighbour's house.Tell them there's an AmberAlert out for my baby.Olivia Hunt.Did someonesay Olivia Hunt?Hey.Hey!Sir, doyou have Olivia Hunt?What areyou doing, Lily?Just where is it, Mom?I know that you hidethe money somewhere.You're not taking my money.I'm going to pay you back.You just tell me where it is.I need to go. Ineed to go now.Go where?And what about Olivia?She's coming with me.You are not goingto take that baby.No, you don't get to tell me.Ever since you tookmy baby away from me,it's all I can think about.Every time I see amother with her daughter,I wonder where my baby is,and how some otherwoman gets to raise herinstead of me.You have no idea whatthat's done to me.But Olivia...She's given memy happiness back...My purpose...And you don't getto take it from me.It was the rightdecision at the time.You were so young, you werepractically a baby yourself.And I covered for you.Remember?I took the blame forwhat you did, Lily.We're close.23 Deem Road.What's our planwhen we get there?To find Olivia. At any cost.I went to prison for you whenyou tried to steal that baby.It was my baby.And when you got caught...I told them I did it,cause that's what a motherdoes for her daughter.She protects her daughter,but I will notprotect you again!So, you're just gonna leavethreatening notes on my door?I had to keep an eye on youbecause I know whatyou've been doing.You should have just calledme and told me you were home.You stopped calling.All those years, youdidn't even visit.Yeah, because youruined my life.You ruined mylife. I was empty.I was destroyed.I met Monica and Bradand they offered mesomething special.And I thought if... ifI... If I helped them,it would fill theemptiness in me.But Olivia did, instead.And that's how I knewMonica had to die.What?I set it up perfectly.Set the sister upto take the blame.Jen, with all her... Herbad temper and her...Her custody issues,and then... then Brad, Bradwould... would turn to me.And then I have thefamily I've always wanted.Everything was going to plan.Every detail was lining up,so that it looked like Jen,and that no one wouldever suspect me.But I messed up.And there's no going back now.Were you able to getthrough to the police?Calls keep dropping.And now of the map'sfrozen. We're close.I... I just don't knowexactly how close.Thank you forgetting us this far.And for coming with me.You've always looked out for me,and Mon, we're goingto find Olivia.Jen!Her car's in thedriveway. Lily's car.It's there.- You ready?- I think we should find some cell serviceand call the police.I can't sit here knowingOlivia's inside there.I think I can talk Lily outof doing anything crazy.Monica, she tried to killyou. She's dangerous.Fine.You'll get the police,I'm getting my baby.I'm not leaving you, Monica.Dammit.Lily, you have to give thisbaby back to her mother.I am her mother.Stop mothering me.I don't need you.I never did.Now, I have everything I need.I have Olivia.You're not your rightmind. You need help.You can't stop me.Not this time.Thanks, Mom.You've been a real help.The diaper bag.Where are you going?No, Lily, no stop.Lily!No. Lily. No stop,Lily!Okay, front door.Lily?Just tell me what's going on.She's my baby.I made her, not you.Give Olivia to me,and everything will be okay.Lily.All I wanted,was to be a mother,and I was aboutto have my familywhen... when my mommade me give up my baby.I cannot imagine how much painthat must have been, Lily,but this is different.You see that, right?My boyfriend said that wecould have another one,and when I was finally ready,he left me.That'sin the past, Lily.Right now, you need tolet me take Olivia home.I don't wanna do this,any of it,but I can't give up my baby.Lily!Lily, you have to let us out!I won't.Lily, stop.I won't let you get in the way.Lily! No!Wait, Lily, wait, wait!You're doing to me whatyour mom did to you.You're taking my baby,and destroying my family.I carried her insideme for nine months.I made her.You have no idea what it's liketo carry a baby inside you.You have no idea how hard itis to give her away again.I don't, you're right.And I never will,but I would never dothis to another woman.You're so good, Monica.I'm so sorry.Then why are youhurting my family?Because when Olivia wasinside me, I saw the truth.What's the truth, Lily?She can only have one mother.Monica?No!Jen!Oh, Jen!No, Mom, you're notruining this again.Oh, my... Honey!Now you need to come quickly.My daughter's crazy.Put the phone down, Mom.And give me my baby!I put Olivia in the car.The keys areinside. She's safe.I can't leave you.Go.Drive as fast as you can.Olivia.Monica, get away from Olivia.Don't, don't touch her.No!Hey!Monica! Monica!Open the door, Monica!Monica, open the door.Monica!Hey, sweetie. It's okay.It's okay. Mommy's here. Okay.That's my baby.I just want my baby.Mommy's here.Mommy's here.You did it.We did it.Together.Jen...How can you ever forgive me?Mon, please.We're sisters.Nothing's gonna change that.I love you, no matter what.See you at the hospital?Great.Just please keepan eye on my niece.Don't let her outta your sight.She's only gonna be with me,Brad, or you from here on.Or Ruby,when she gets a little older.Of course. It's our family.How'd I do?Awesome. You did so good, Mom.You know, I'm so happythat we're spendingthis time together again.You have Aunt Monica to thank.She is a great lawyerand the best mother.Mom, down undersell yourself.I love that bracelet, Ruby.Thank you. My momhas a matching one.And they're perfect.Just like you.Ooh, what do you say?Thank you.So, um, we havesome parenting news.We do.Really? What?We're gonna have another baby.That's amazing.Are you ready tobe a big sister?Big sister, Olivia?And we've decidedwho we want to beour new surrogate.That's great.Just gimme your name.I will hire a private detectiveand do a deep background check,and then I'll callthe FBI and make sure-she is absolutely legit.- Yeah.- Well, you won't have to do that,because we alreadyknow who we want.Who?We were hoping youwould do it, Jen.If you're up for it.Of course I'm up for it! Yes!Thank you.Brad, Monica...We couldn't ask fora better surrogateor a better sister.That's right.There's nothing like family.Right?Right.- Okay.- Yay!Olivia.