            A Banana At This Time of Night (2018) - full transcript             

foodval.com - stop by if you're interested in the nutritional composition of food  --- 
            HOKKAIDO 1994Blow on it.OK.- Water.- OK.- Newspaper.- OK.- My back itches.- OK.- Lower. - OK.- There! - OK.You've got a harem today, Shikano!- That's good.- OK.Your pillow.Here you go.



- Ramen!- OK.Where are your eyes going?Your boobs are marvelous!Cut it out!- Amazing.- No!Let's just wash him.- Be careful.- Okay.His back hurts.- Be gentle. - Okay.Just don't hurt me.A little more.You're the new volunteer?What?We're training now. Come here!



But I...How's little John today?Hey, your rash is better.Darn! I wanted the new girlto put ointment on it!I'm back.Hi.Tanaka, what took you so long?Here's your hamburger.Wrong! I told you Mos Burger!Oh...You need to listen better!Sorry.What?Misaki?You know her?- Well... - Say...Did Tanaka recruit you?I'm glad a cutie is here.Ow ow ow! Don't push the bone.Me?Yes, you!Why are you here?Checking on you.I never get to see you.I told you I'm volunteeringfor med school.Glad you're not cheating on me.But put this before me?I'll be done tonight.Let's get dinner.Some place good!What, you're cancelling?!I need someoneto spend the night.I can't turn over by myself.Whatever!- Takako. - Yes.Seto can't come tonight.What?That jerk.What will I do?We'll find someone else.How could he? I have MD!(Muscular Dystrophy)Oh.Tanaka, you heard that?Yes.You can stay tonight, right?Well...An aspiring doctor can'tabandon a patient.- OK. - Oh no...Thank you! I'm relieved.What?Your name is Misaki?Why don't you stay too?Tanaka might screw up.Why'd you apply?But I...He likes you! You'll do great.Tonight will be fun!No no no no...You study education?Training to be a teacher?Give me wine.Come to my symposium?Show her the flyer.Here."Independent livingfor people with disabilities"Instead of dependingon family and facilities,I want to makea society that knowspeople with disabilitiesare all around.If the disabled say my lifestylegives them hope,I can't deny it.- Misaki! - What?You like movies?Not really.Then music?Let's go to a jazz concert.But I think she's busy...I wasn't asking you.I'm talking to her.But it's after 2 a.m.I'm totally fine.I can't sleep anyway.I'm hungry.You should sleep...I want a banana.We have none.Buy one somewhere.I can't sleep without it.A banana!OK. I'll go look.Thanks. Take my wallet.Sorry.I'll go!You too?One of you stay.It's late.Don't leave me alonewith that guy.Shikano, I'll get your banana.Crap!"Bananas 100 yen""Closed"51.You think she likes me?Well, but...maybe.Why just "maybe"? Hype me up.Sorry.31.I found a banana.Wow!I just felt something amazing!A BANANA? AT THIS TIME OF NIGHT?So what's happeningwith that med student?C'mon, Misaki! You can't abandonour group dates.Have you done it with him?Um...well...His dad runsTanaka Hospital, right?Yeah.Sure he's notjust playing around?He's not like that.I'll be going to his house.No way! To meet his parents?For marriage?!But he's still a student.No fair! Set me up withone of his friends.I'll try.I'll get it.Miyataya Coffee.May I speak with Misaki Ando?Shut up! Are you Tanaka?Could you volunteer again?Why me?Shikano signedyou up for a shift.Why? Couldn't you say no?You made hima little too happy...But I'll be there that day.We can go out afterward.Hold on.Why do all this for him?He doesn't want toend up at a hospital.They thoughthe'd be dead by 20.But he's been living at home,and now he's 34.Hmm...He's amazing.Sorry, I gotta go.Please. I'm counting on you.Hold on...Salmon.It tastes betterwhen you feed me.It's the same.Yotsumoto can stay Tuesday night.Then I'll be going. See you.- Thanks!- Thanks!Rice.Shikano, can Takako make iton Sunday?Yes.Then Saturday night...- Is it here?- I know you're busy, but...We can't find someone- for the weekend.- See you!- Thanks.- Bye.Really?Oh good!Glad we filled that slot.Tanaka?The clock stopped.Is it the battery?Maybe.Water.We're out of batteries.I'll go get some.- Take his wallet.- Ok.- Bring the receipt.- Ok.Oh, and also...Ground coffee, 200 grams.A Dom Dom burger,vanilla ice cream.Town magazine, and...You know...Girlie magazine. Right?Right?Don't say it so loud!The volunteersalways ask for it...Taka, my butt hurts.Oh.Here.He gets bedsoresfrom sitting too long.Oh.That's good.OK.You're good at this, Misaki.Can you do it every day?Your bearddoesn't grow every day.Yes, it does!Some people shave twice a day.Wait! Don't wipe me.I want her to.Sorry.Also,his cardiotonic and diuretic.Don't mix up his meds.You've gotten good at training.Oh, thanks.- Posture change!- Yes.That means, help him turn over.It's kinda hard.But once you get it,you can do it alone.Learn it, Misaki.- How's this?- Ok.What next...Maybe the kitchen.Ow ow ow!Ow ow ow!Sorry.You trying to kill me?Sorry.My shoulder!Just take it easy oryou'll never be good at it.I got wine.Thanks.And your salami.Jonouchi, you know what I like!And I invited a friendto next month's symposium.That makes me happy."I push people around""because I want to showtimid young people""that asking others for favorsis part of being alive."Your words moved me.You get it!By the way, about tonight...A family thing came up.What? Really...Oh...I'm screwed.Tsukada, can you stay tonight?I have work.Right...Tanaka?You can stay, can't you?He has a date tonight.A date?A date!You can do that anytime!How could a med student do this?Jonouchi, cigarette.Ok.You really should stop smoking.Shut up! I do what I want.Shikano, who do you think you are?What?You think being disabledmakes you special?So you can say anything?Misaki, stop...These volunteers are spendingtheir precious time to help you.What do you mean by "their time"?They learn from me.They say it's equal.Don't you realizehow kind they are?Keep this up andthey'll stop coming.No one quits.They all love me.They do. But I don't.Oh, so now you thinkyou're special.You're awful.I'm never coming back.Good. Don't come back!Do I really have towatch this with you?It's embarrassing for meto have you waitin the other room.Isn't it more embarrassingto have me here?Fast forward it.Ok.Stop.It's no use. I can't concentrate.Get a pen and stationery.What?I'm writing a letter.A letter?- Do it!- Ok."Dear Misaki Ando,""I'm terribly sorry aboutthe other day."It's to Misaki?Yeah. Just write it.Me?My handwriting's getting worse.Just write."Dear Misaki Ando,""I'm terribly sorry aboutthe other day."- "I made you angry..."- Hold on. Just a moment."I'm terribly...""I'm terribly sorry aboutthe other day."Write neatly!"...the other day.""I made you angry,""and I'm sorry.""I'm sorry.""However,""please understand me."..."What can I say...""I've fallen in love with you."You're writing that?That's the most important part.Skip a line there."I want the chance to apologize.""I'd like to invite you to dinner.""Simply put,I'm asking you on a date.""Please consider it."Nice handwriting.- Hey, I wrote it.- What?Volunteers can'tsay no to anything.These are also from him.What is this volunteering, anyway?What?Why do you do so much for him?Just to feel good about yourself?He needs help.Can you go on a date with him?Aren't we a couple?Yeah. Of course.Is offering your girlfriendpart of volunteering?...It's not that! I mean...It'll really make him happy. Please!Just this once, OK?Please.Then do something for me.Of course.- No way. Here?- Yes.You mean now?Now!Now?Ok.Misaki!Misaki!Misaki!He looks really happy.Going out is his favorite thing.Thanks for coming!Isn't this great?Sure is!Don't grill it too much.Keep it rare.This is fun!My first date in a long time.You dated a lot before?I was a popular guy! But thatcaused trouble with my wife.Wife?You were married?That was the happiest time of my life.But then she cheated on you.That was my low point.But it's not like it killed me.I decided to chase my dreams.What are your dreams?I have lots.To eat Sapporo ramen.To travel to Biei.And to be on a talk show.But your biggestis to go to America.What?There's an activistnamed Eddie Young.He inspired meto live independently.Shikano wants to meet him,so he's learning English.It was hard to study in junior high.Took me forever to passthe Level 3 exam.Now he's going for Level 2.Anyway, I eventuallywanna be famous.Famous?So you can changeJapanese society?That too.But to get more volunteers.I can't live without volunteers.You just want to be adoredand get women!No! It's for Japanese society!Oh, there's that noise again.Rock music...I love this song!Really?Maybe rock's OK sometimes.Misaki.How far will we go tonight?Will we stay here forever?I'm gonna explodeBeing alive is too wonderfulI want you to kiss meSo we can get closer to our dreamsI want you to kiss meLook, he's having a blast.I'm glad he's having fun.What's wrong?What is it?Sorry...What?I ate too much rare meat.What?- I can't hold it.- Ok.Oh no.Oh no, oh no.This is awful.Just a little more!- Almost there.- Can you go faster?Sorry.The wheelchair restroomis over there!Sorry.Oh no! Here it comes!I'm gonna lose it!You just have tosqueeze your muscles.But my diseaseweakens my muscles!Oh, right.I'm sorry.What happened?It's fine. We brought clothes.I'm totally fine.I'm not depressed at all. I'm fine.I don't care.Ha! This is hilarious.That really got to him.It's painful to hear him say this!It's OK. Everyone poopstheir pants sometimes.What?You too?I took my university examin soiled pants.No way!It's true.You rock!Let's all go to karaoke sometime!- Sounds fun!- Doesn't it?We should go, Shikano.Are you sure?But women lose their mindswhen they hear me sing!Really?You rock.Your pulse is irregular.It's your cardiomyopathy dilation.Your heart is getting weaker.We're admitting you.You know more than anyonehow much I hate hospitals!You're impossible.You encouraged meto live independently.I've lost patience.That was a mistake.I can't guarantee you'll live.What do doctors know about life?I was told I wouldn't live to be 20.But I'm still here today.I'll be responsible for my life.Takako, turn the tape over.Just a moment.Misaki! You're here.You're working hard.I want to go to America.I think I'll find a new me there.What's your dream?Mine?For now, just tomake a good meal.Then I'll have curry.Medium spicy.And we're almost out oftoilet paper and detergent.Oh, and dumplings.Is that an order?I can't go myselfso I have to ask someone.You don't hold back, do you?But this is my house!Who holds back in their own home?It's totally differentfrom a hospital.Got it.Good afternoon.Hello!- Hi, Mrs. Shikano!- Hi.Thanks for always taking careof my stupid son.Nice to see you!I've made inari sushi and croquettes.Take them away!You're bothering us.They're not for you.They're for the volunteers.Just leave, you old hag!I know I'm old, butmust you call me a hag?So rude!Stop thinking people will doanything for you!The guest may leave now!Fine! Stupid son.Don't come back!You're really leaving?Your son's no angel.He's quite abusive.Is it because he's shy?What can I do? It's all my fault.No, it's not!I gave him that body.Parents of disabled childrenalways work too hard.I did everything for him.But since he decidedto live on his own,I couldn't help himeven if I wanted to.He's really a kind boy at heart.He used to love itwhen I made inari sushi.The elevators in train stationswere built after yearsof efforts by the disabled.Today, the elderly andparents using strollerscan't do without them.Our idea is thatby making societymore convenient for the disabled,society will be more convenientfor everyone.Are there any other questions?Yes.Go ahead, young man.Do youhave any dreams?I do.I want to pass the English examand go to America.I want to see Eddiewho inspired me,and tour independent living centers.Could you do that?Well, I was toldI'd never survivewithout family or hospitals,but now I'm living independently.If your will is strong,you can do anything.And eventually I wantto appear on a talk show.Why did you decideto live independently?I made an amazing friendnamed Kuwajima.He goes to theaters and discosin a wheelchair.I was jealous abouthow many girls he got.So I wanted to go out, too.You just wanted girls?Yes.But wasn't it hardto find volunteersand teach them care?Well, I can't do anythingunless I ask someone for help.It takes courage to askother people to help you.Thank you!You made all this?I can't guarantee it's good.I'm so happy!Shall we?Thanks.Let's dig in.- OK, the blue one.- Ok.Let's eat.Wow!- It's no good?- No!It's too good!Yes!Hey, are you free Sunday?Why?We talked aboutmeeting my parents.Oh. Sure, if it's OK.- I'll come over.- Good!My mom's really set on Sunday.She'll ask aboutfuture plans, too.What?Like what kind of schoolyou want to teach at.If you can keep teachingafter we marry.How many kids we want.That stuff.Um...- Actually...- It's OK!We haven't talked about marriage.No, not that.Um...I lied.What?I'm not studying education.Yes?Sorry.But it's true that I wantedto be a teacher.I had this really nice teacher...You lied to go to mixerswith med students?It's not thatI wasn't interested...But I'm with youbecause I love you.And remember at the restaurant,that one waiter was terrible?But you helped him.What will my parents say?They'll think I lied to them!Then I'll apologize.Is that OK?Look.I understand it washard to admit it.I want to be generousand forgive you.But why did you waituntil now to tell me?What if I hadn't said anything?I can't help but get angry.You're mad?You forgive me? Which is it?You're the one who lied.Fine.Then Sunday's cancelled.What?You have a boyfriend?What's he like?- Actually...- No, stop.If you tell me thenI can't ask you out.But I think it's over.I shouldn't have lied to him.- You lied?- Yes.About being in school.What?In high school I thought aboutbecoming a teacher.But I failed, and nowI work part-time.Pathetic, huh?I see.But you wanted himto like you, right?My mouth is my only weapon,so I lie all the time!So why don't youturn it into the truth?What?Go to school andbecome a teacher.That's easier than takingthe English exam at my age!We've switched positions.You're encouraging me.Our positions are equal.We're both human.I'm happy to help you.And this is my chance.Yes?If he dumps you, then I'm next!Shikano,what have you lied about?I've exaggerated about pain,pretended to be sad.I put on an actto keep my volunteers!And you really wantyour mom's help, right?I wanted my mom.She was busy with work.If I relied on my mother,she'd spend all her time on me.I want my parentsto live their lives.And it's hard to hear them saymy disease is their faultand to keep apologizing.Anyway,people think caring forthe disabled is the family's job.I'm pushing backagainst that idea.Sorry I'm late.You're really late! Being ontime is your only good point.My time's up. See you.Bye!What did you wish for?It's a secret.Of course I'm not telling!Come on!- And you?- Yes?To get into university.What?I'll take the test next year.I've started studying.Wow! Great.We should study together.You going out?On a date with Misaki?No.Oh, hello dear.Hi.Where are you going?Volunteering again?I won't tell you not to,but you really need to studyso you can take over the hospital.I know.I'll see you later.Wow! Thanks so much.Learn all this and you'llget into the best university.Oh, Tanaka's staying!We can play Othello until morning.Let him sleep!After you insertthe tracheal tube...What?Tanaka!I'm sorry.Give me the bag valve.How can you quitwith a phone call?You said you'd always help!I want to help peoplewho need it.But you're enjoying your life.You're carefree and happy.What are you saying?I shouldn't enjoy my life?Don't act like you know me!Hey...Hello? Hello?!He hung up.That jerk!You knocked that one!Doing that makes him feel better.Shikano,half of our student volunteerswill graduate in March.They should all repeat a year!We'll look for new volunteers.Let's pass out flyersat the university.Right, Tsukada.Hey, what about my birthday?We're looking for volunteers!An MD patient needs help.Please help.You'll get good meals!Here you are.Thank you!It's gotten chilly.This warms me to my heart."Volunteers needed"Hey, didn't you recruitby yourself at first?Yeah. I could movea lot more then.You're amazing.You just realized?I'm always working like crazy.The ramen here is good.- I wanna try!- Let's go!Tanaka!What a surprise!Well, this is my school...Misaki just asked me outon a lunch date.Want to join us?No, I'll pass.Why not?It's spicy!What?!You went from a med studentto a guy in a wheelchair?It's not like that.But things with Tanakacame to an end.But you can't break up!I wanna meet his friends!I want a kind, rich, educated,perfect boyfriend.But it wasn't working out.What?I can be myself around Shikano.Are you sure it's not sympathy?Can he go out for mealsor trips in a wheelchair?And how can you do it with him?If he has a muscle disease,can he get it up?It's not about that.Can I use your dictionary?Sure.Change the tape.You found that?The volunteersleave those things...What?What do you dowhen you watch this?What?You gonna make me say?So that's not affected by MD?That's a bold question, Misaki!The little guy works with tissue,so my disease doesn't affect him.Really.Mitani is running late.Could you stayuntil he gets here?- Sure.- Thanks.Thanks! See you tomorrow.- Have a good time at work!- Thanks.See you.Bye.Sorry for the strange question.Misaki.Hey. Why did you ask?Why?I'll change the tape.If I were a normal guy,I'd be holding you now, right?It's pouring! I'm soaked.I'll go now.Misaki...probably isn't coming back.What happened?If no one had come,she would havegotten in bed with me.- See you.- Bye.Misaki said she can't come.Oh.Oh well.Go pick up your kid.But I can't leave you alone.I'm fine. It'll just be a moment.Your darling daughter is waiting.Go ahead.Alright. I'll hurry.Thanks!- Hey!- We're back...Shikano!- Are you OK?- I fell.Shikano! Shikano!Shikano! Shikano!Shikano!Misaki!I'm sorry.It's my fault.Misaki...Yes?I'm...not gonna make it.I have...one last request.Yes.Anything.Your boobs.Let me touch them.What?This is the first time somethinggood happened in a hospital!Misaki came back!Come on!I was really worried!Don't joke around like that!No point in worrying.Three years agowe thought it was over.Heart failurecaused fluid retention.If he didn't pee by morning,he was done.We even talked about his funeral.Then suddenly he peed like crazy!He's an immortal legend!- Tsukada, get my glasses.- Ok.OKHey, after I get out,let's go to karaoke.I'm not going!Let's go!You're awful!She's angry.Doctor.Doctor, I'm fine.I want to go home.I'm sorry, but you can't.Why?Your CO2 levels are too high.Your lung muscles are weak.Isn't breathing hard now?We'll need to put you on a ventilator.A ventilator?He needs a tracheotomy?What will happen then?It'll take the load off his heartand make breathing easier.You'll be connectedto a big machine,so your movement will be limited.Like a dog on a leash?Won't that close his vocal cords?So he can't talk?He'll have to accept that.No!No ventilator!Can't we choose the treatmentthe patient wants?NPPVWe can do NPPV, right?That way he just puts on a maskto help him breathe.We can't admit him.Why?His primary doctor knows best.If we treat differently,it's not fair to Dr. Nohara.Then I'll explain itto her carefully.Hisashi, listen to me.Doctors must take all factorsinto consideration.Is it proper to do everythingthe patient wants?But what he wants is his life!His voice is the only weaponhe has to live.Please don't take his freedom.Thanks,Tanaka.It's a long road ahead.Was everything OK?With your dad?You were worriedthings weren't going well.But this was the first timehe accepted my opinion.Really.Thanks to me!Yeah.I'm putting the mask on.It's ready.- Let's start.- Yes.Take it off.- Take it off.- Yes.Doctor.It hurts.It'll take time to get used tothe airflow from the machine.Everyone's different.Let's keep trying.Shikano.Here we go.Which one do you want?This one? OK!I'll ask the doctor.Thank you."English test"I'm sorry. They saidyou can't leave this weekend.What do you mean?Just one day!You mean I can't take the test?Every day is vital for me.Next timewho knows how I'll be?Look. I can't knock the cup over.SoonI won't be able to hold a pencil.If you're telling meto give up on taking the testand going to America...- Takamura?- I never said that!- Tanaka.- Why did you let him leave?He wanted to take it!Why didn't you tell me?!What's wrong?His condition worsened.Back to the hospital!We contacted Nishiku Hospital.Why Dr. Noharaand not my father?!He says he can't go back there.Tanaka...I'm here.What is it?I...love...you.What are you gonna do?No!I can't lose my voice.You're gonna die!Help!Help me!"Surgery in progress"After all this,I couldn't help him.What happens nextis what matters.I'm so sorry.- Mrs. Shikano!- Mr. Shikano.I'm his father. Thank youall for taking care of him.Hello.Have a seat.Please have a seat.Sorry.Yasuaki will be fine.This isn't enoughto make him give in.Look.He was a great runner as a kid.But from age 6,he started tripping and falling.- Stand up!- Stupid!Klutz!Be a man andgive it back to them!Yasuaki,let's die together.Shut up!The doctor said I'd get better!I'm not dying!I'm so sorry. I'm so sorry.Well, at least he survived this.I'll be going now.You're leaving?If I stay we'll just fight.But you should stay,at least for today.Hey!Yasuaki, how do you feel?You OK?I get it. You want us to leave.Mother...mother...Mother? Mother!Mother!Yasuaki? What is it?When using a ventilator,phlegm builds upin the trachea and lungs.If we don't suck it out,he'll suffocate.I'm putting it in now.Air will come through the cuff.We put air through the cuff tokeep saliva out of the trachea.24 hours for suctioning.I'm leaving now.- Thank you.- Thank you.OK"I want to go to karaoke"OKKaraoke?Feel better now?Oh my!This must be hard.No, it's not so bad.What is it?...It's upside down!Tsukada!Miso?This is soy sauce ramen.I wanted miso ramen.They were out of miso.Too bad.Can't you let me sleep?!I haven't slept at all!Water.I'm sorry.Shikano! Look!There's a patientwith a ventilatorwho adjustedthe airflow in the cuffand was able to talk!What's this?Where'd you get this?The girls at the cafe set upa mixer with doctors.I see!- You adjust the airflow.- That's it.But this person just happenedto make it work.Will it work for everyone?What if something happens?I...want...to...try.You want to try?Then we won't tell the nurses.No way! We can't do that.We'll take itfrom the first marker.Here we go.Does it hurt?Stop! The nurse is coming.I'll restore the airflow.Hello.Sorry.Sorry.Is something wrong?Now we'll try itfrom the second marker.What's that?We heard that removing airwill let him talk.Here we go.Shikano, are you OK?Don't take any risks.What are you thinking?Shikano is amazing.Yeah.I think he's getting stronger.Stronger than I am.I couldn't live like that.Me neither.Say...I may quit med school.Why?Someone as unsure as I amshouldn't be a doctor.Why?What?Why?I just don't have the confidence.This isn't for me.But...I've been thinking I wish I hada doctor as kind as you.But really...I'm not kind.- Just pretending.- You are kind!No, I'm not.- Yes, you are.- But...All I think is bad things.I'm a hypocrite.Hey, Shikano told me.About what?What?You almost slept with him?What?He told me. What does that mean?Oh...It wasn't that...You'll do anything out of pity?Is that it?What?What?But maybe it's not pity.I may really love him.You don't get it.Sorry.Whatever!Good morning.Good morning?Morning.Good morning.Morning.No way!I did it.You can talk!Yay! You did it!That hurts!Sorry!It's a good hurt.I'm happy too. So happy.My boobs. You wanted totouch them, right?You're amazing!This is wonderful!Great!He gets his way.But at leastnothing bad happened.Doctor. I want to go home.No! If phlegmbuilds up, you'll die.I have volunteers.That's right. We can do it.Suctioning is a procedureonly doctors and nurses can do.Family is the only exception.Doctor...My volunteers are my family.Even if I died in their care,I'd have no complaints.No matter what you say,you can't leave.If I'm stuck in this hospital,I'm not myself!I won't die counting holesin the ceiling!You go home after work.So I want to go home too.It's not that simple.Suctioning requires training.Yes, we can.Don't talk down to us.We need volunteers!Looking for home help volunteers!We need as many as we can get.Could you help?Just give us a little time.Today's guest is Mr. Tsukada,an independentliving support volunteer.The rockin' MD patientShikano needs your help!Thank you.Please sit anywhere.Volunteer trainees,enter this way.Please come in.Misaki!- We're here!- Thank you!Where should we sit?- In front.- Really?- Let's go!- No.Slowly insert...the tube.The most important thing isto have a strong awareness thatyou're responsible for his life.That concludes the explanation.Now let's try suctioning.Thanks, Shikano.It's scary!- Oh no!- It's OK.You're fine.Here we go.Oh! I'm so sorry!- Go!- Do it slowly.Here I go.- It's OK.- Now.Slowly.Turn it.Turn and go slowly.Like that.Come anytimeif something happens.I won't come back.I've finally broken free.You have quite a family.Thank you.I was able to liveindependently again,thanks to my "Shikano family".I see. Thank you.Make me look good in the article.Take a good picture.Here we go.One more.Smile.Hello?Tanaka? Where have you been?I was worried about you.Tanaka?Thank you. We'll let you knowthe publication date.Come again.- Thank you.- Thank you.- Goodbye.- Thank you.Make the photo big!Shikano.Tanaka is quitting.What?Tanaka. Long time no see.Wait.I'm having a recovery party.I can't go. I quit volunteering.Misaki told me.You're quitting med school too?Remember when youstarted volunteering?You proudly told me,"I'm here because""I want to be a doctorwho can face patients.""I want to be a doctor""who can care for every patient."I knew nothing then.I thought I could do more.But I was wrong.Life is also hardfor healthy people.What do you want to do?What's important to you?I don't know...You can talk to meabout anything.After all, we're friends.Are we?I think so.Say anything.I have nothing to say.Speak your mind.Are you being honest with yourself?Is being honestsuch a good thing?You're proud of your honesty.But what does it mean?You try being pushed around.Thanks for everything."Yasuaki ShikanoRecovery Party!"Thanks to the ventilator,I'm breathing splendidly.The ventilator has becomea part of my body.Ventilators rock!That's how I feel.You should try one sometime!Now my goal is to tell the worldthat you can stillhave a bright futureeven with a ventilator.He hated it at first.He's unpredictable.when I startedliving independently,every day with my volunteerswas a battle.We butted heads.We fought many times.We hurt each other.But because we wereso honest with each other,I came to understand youand you have cometo understand me.The fact that I'm alive todayis because,through wind, rain and snow,every day.every second,you were by my side.I'm so gladI metall of you.Truly.Truly.Thank you.Wonderful, Shikano!And so that from here on,Shikano will continueto be healthy andincredibly selfish towards us all!Let's toast!Shikano,we thank you.Cheers!What's this?Misaki.Yes?Here.It's a cheap ring,but my heart is in it.Will you accept?What? In front of everyone?It's because every dayI'm living in everyone's view.It's impossible to propose alone.My wish at New Year's was you.I love you.I want tobe with you forever.I'm sorry.Shikano, you're...important to meand a big part of my life.But I can't accept this.I...um...I like someone.He's been through a lot.He gave up on his dreams.There's nothing between us now.But...I'm still attracted to him. And...I'm frustrated.So...I'm sorry.But thank you.Have you changed your mindabout quitting school?That's a shame.Help me up, please.Sure.I'll take this off.3, 2, 1.Here.Ok.Thank you for your help."Getting helpto do what he can't""Don't give up on dreams"What do you want to do?What's important to you?Stretch out the wrinkles.They hurt his skin.Thanks for teaching me.Something's strange lately.He naps a lot. He's more mellow.It's like he's achieved enlightenment.Say...Dr. Nohara said,"While he can,""let him do everything he wants."Those were her words.I love to travel!Isn't this great!We're not here for fun, OK?That sheep looks delicious.It does.This feels great.Wonderful.Isn't this beautiful?Yeah!Wow.This is lavender ice cream.And this is milk.This is the ultimate mix!There's craft beer, too.I want some!He was so happy as soon aswe planned this trip.His tests were good too.Yeah. It's all in the mind.I wish Misaki could have come.Enjoy.Misaki?Yes.- Phone call.- Ok.Misaki!Thank you.I'm glad you could both come.What is this?!I thought you were dying!Stop screwing around!This isn't a joke!Tanaka, are you crying?No, I'm not!I'm just angry.Please!I'm so sorry! Really.He fooled us all too!He's awful.I fell over withthe intention of dying.That was some great acting!I really thought you were gone.He really wanted you twoto get back together. Forgive him!Misaki!Don't touch me!Sorry!I'm so happyyou both are here.You're gonnavolunteer again, right?- What?- What?Anyway, let's drink!- Right.- Let's!Let's drink!OK, let's do it!Tanaka, will you make a toast?You make the best toasts.OK.To the revived Shikano.Cheers!Why didn't you tell me?"Misaki is my girlfriend."Don't carry thattough-guy act too far!There are more things peoplecan't do than things they can.I hate it when you do that.I hate it!Don't say it twice.Sorry.I'd hate myselfif I had to meet me.Misaki hates me too.You don't get it.What?Wake up and realizeher feelings for you!What?Looks like fun.What are you talking about?- It's secrets between men.- Yes!That's not fair.By the way...That newspaper articlegot us new volunteers.Lots of cute university students.Don't be jealous.I may be.Shikano...I toowill try being true to myself.I'm going back to med school.Really?I don't want todisappoint myself.And I can't fail you.OK.I'll let you examine me.Give me a break!You never listen to doctors.Are you running awayfrom your patient?You run away from hospitals!You're right.Misaki, do your best on the exam.OK.You'll be a wonderful teacher.Thanks.And, Tanaka, you're the onewho brought Misaki to me.Thanks to you,I had fun.Really.A lot happenedin this year.Thank you.Thank you.- Amazing.- Beautiful.Look at me! I'm getting better!I bet I could run!"Seven years later""To mother""Dear mother,""I want you to""live your life.""Don't work too hard.""You loved me so much it hurt.""I'm sorry I turned you away.""But that was how I wanted to live.""Love,Your stupid son."I'm so sorry.My old man hates hospitals.It's OK. Some patientsprefer to be at home.Do you have more patientsafter this?I have to work hardor I'll be scolded.By whom?Above the clouds,someone annoying is watching.Teacher's here!How are you?We're great!What will we sing today?Todaya song from my past.What is it?"Ms. MisakiCongratulations on your marriage""How far will we go tonight?""Will we stay here forever?""I'm gonna explode""Being alive is too wonderful""I want you to kiss me""So we can get closer to our dreams""I want you to kiss me"200242"In 2002, Yasuaki Shikanodied at age 42.""More than 500 volunteerssupported him.""He didn't make it to America""but he never lost sight of his dreams."Yo OizumiMitsuki TakahataHaruma MiuraMasato HagiwaraMakiko WatanabeShohei UnoHanae-KanRaita RyuChie AyadoKoichi SatoMieko HaradaBased on"A Banana? At This Time of Night?"written by Kazufumi Watanabe(Bungeishunju Ltd.)Screenplay: Hiroshi HashimotoMusic: Harumi FuukiDirector: Tetsu MaedaEven after his death,his volunteers stillgather with his motherand share their memories.This film has attemptedto recreate the careof the time as faithfully as possible.Advancements in medicineand changes in lawshave made things different today.2018 "A Banana? At ThisTime of Night?" Film Partners