          A Beautiful Day in the Neighborhood (2019) - full transcript          

foodval.com - stop by if you're interested in the nutritional composition of food  --- 
            ♪ It's a beautiful dayin this neighborhood ♪♪ A beautiful day for a neighbor ♪♪ Would you be mine?Could you be mine? ♪♪ It's a neighborly dayin this beauty wood ♪♪ A neighborly day for a beauty ♪♪ Would you be mine?Could you be mine? ♪♪ I have always wanted to havea neighbor just like you ♪♪ I've always wanted to livein a neighborhood with you ♪♪ So, let's make the mostof this beautiful day ♪♪ Since we're togetherwe might as well say ♪♪ Would you be mine?Could you be mine? ♪



♪ Won't you be my neighbor? ♪♪ Won't you please?Won't you please? ♪♪ Please won't you be my neighbor? ♪Hello neighbor.So good to see you again today.Did you see the...What special thingI brought in to show you?It's called a picture board.Because behind each one of theselittle doors is a picture of people.Lady Aberlin.Let's seewho's behind this door.It's King Friday the thirteenth,with his crown andmustache and beard.Who's behind here?



It's Mister McFeely.He always says "speedy delivery",doesn't he?I'd like you to meeta new friend of mine.His name is Lloyd Vogel.Someone has hurt my friend Lloyd.And not just on his face.He is having a hard timeforgiving the person who hurt him.Do you knowwhat that means, to forgive?It's a decision we maketo release a person from the feelingsof anger we have at them.It's strange, but sometimesit's hardest of allto forgive someone we love.Let's go say helloto my new friend Lloyd,shall we?♪ I never felt magic crazy as this ♪♪ I never saw moonsknew the meaning of the sea ♪♪ I never held emotionin the palm of my hand ♪♪ Or felt sweet breezesin the top of a tree ♪♪ But now you're here ♪♪ Brighten my northern sky ♪Here to present this year'saward for Feature Writing.Please welcomelast year's winner Lloyd Vogel.Thank you.It's so wonderful to be amongso many of my fellow misfits tonight.So, why do we writefor magazines for a living?Honestly, because doing anything elsedoesn't seem quite like living at all.We get a front row seat to history.We get to expose the truththat others cannot see.And sometimes, just sometimes,we get to change a broken worldwith our words.Thank you. I needed this.I ate a block of cheese for dinner.So, what are we forgetting?We definitely need more diapers.More than this?We're going to Jersey for one night.We go through at leasttwelve a day.We do?What are you feeding that kid?Wouldn't it be easierif we left him with a sitter?You know I'm not ready to leave himwith a stranger, okay?He's too little.Yeah.Hey, your sister called last night.She wanted to make sureyou'd written your toast.Oh, I'm all set. I'm just gonna usemy speech from her first wedding.- Or maybe from her second.- Oh, yeah! Just change the names.And hey, she wantedme to tell you something.Okay...Your father is coming.I guess she reached out to him a coupleof months ago, and he didn't respond,but, then he called,and now he's coming to the wedding.Are you okay?Yeah! I'm fine.But I don't think we should go.- Lloyd!- What?Seriously, why have a baby if you can'tuse him to get out of social obligations?This is what Lorraine was afraid of,that you would back out.I'm kidding.I'm not gonna miss her wedding.I look forward to them every year.Okay.I think it'll be nice for Gavinto meet his grandfather.Sure.Dammit!Daddy's just being funny.Daddy's being funny.That's impossible.Here. Take him. Here.There.Great.He looks terrified.He should be.He's marrying Lorraine.Oh my God! You look beautiful.Absolutely.Well, I'm ten pounds shortof my target weight, but whatever.Lloyd. The brother.I know, man. I guess I'm Todd,you know, the husband.And look at you, ya little peanut.I don't think we're having any kids.How did that happen?I invited him and he came.To walk you down the aisle? Really?He offered. He missed the first two,I thought "why the hell not?".I can think of a few reasons why.He's old, and if he's gonna tryto make an effort...Oh, I guess it's timewe get this started.So, in lieu of the typical father ofthe bride speech, I thought I'd...Well, I'd like to sing a little ditty.This is for my Lorraineand for you too...And for Todd.♪ I know I stand in line until you think youhave the time to spend an evening with me ♪♪ And if we go some place to dance, I know thatthere's a chance you won't be leaving with me ♪♪ Then afterwards we drop into a quietlittle place and have a drink or two ♪Admit it.Now you wish we hadn't eloped.He's drunk.Oh, well. He can sing.♪ I love you ♪♪ I love you ♪♪ I love you ♪Here we are.In the pearl of the Garden State.Hello, Jerry.Oh, come on!You don't have to call me Jerry.Or call me Jerry.I don't care.And hello to you!Hi, I'm Andrea. Lloyd's wife.Andrea! Of course!What a unique pleasure.Hello, little fella.This is Gavin.What a handsome man!You look just like me.Let's get a drink?What's this stuff? A pop?This stuff will kill you.I'm just giving my toast,and then we're leaving, so...Doll, could you give us a moment?She's not a doll.She's a public interest attorney.Where the money in that?You know what?We're gonna circulate.You got a baby. And a wife.You happy?I'm happy.Well, she seems nice enough, butI mean, aren't you a little oldto have a baby?I'm not that old.You're smart.Your mom and I hardly kneweach other when she got pregnant.We were babies.Don't talk about her!Wait a minute.You don't know the whole story.Your mom really was not the saint...Don't talk about my mom!- Come on?- Get off me!What the hell?You didn't hear him.You were out of control.He was out of control!You just not gonna takeresponsibility for any of this?Of course, I am! I offered topay for Lorraine's dry cleaning.Have you ever feltthe way Lloyd does?So angry you wantto hurt someone?Or at yourself?I know I have.When I was a boyI was very chubby.And the other kids would chase meand call me names, like "Fat Freddy".It made me very sad.Sometimes, when I was by myself,I would cry.And other times,it made me very angry.There is always somethingyou can do with the mad that you feel.Did you hear that?Someone is at my door.Let's go see who it is.It's Mr. McFeely.Speedy delivery.Look. It's a magazine.Thank you.Magazines are alwaysso full of interesting information.They sure are.My friend Lloyd works for a magazine.He's a very wonderful writer.That reminds me.I have a video I found, and I thoughtyou and your neighbor may like to see it.What is it?It's about how peoplemake a magazine.It's called "How People Make a Magazine".I know lots of people like magazines, soI thought you might find this interesting.I think we would, but do you havetime to show it to us now?I'd be glad to see it again.Let's look at it on Picture Picture.We'll watch it on Picture Pictureand see how peoplemake a magazine.Now, this is the ink they use in theprinting press that prints the magazines.Yellow ink. It looks like mustard.And these are large rolls of blank paper,that are getting loaded into the machine.I wonder how many magazines they can makeout of one of those large rolls.They print the magazines in giant sheets.One color at a time.This machine assembles the magazine,and glues it all together.Oh, now, who's this?These are the people who decidewhat will be in the magazine.They pick the picturesand design the layout.Oh, that's an important job.And these are the people who writethe words that go into a magazine.It's a lot of workto make a magazine, isn't it?It certainly is.Yeah.Pay no attention to my face. Softball injury.Nothing to worry about. Good morning, Ellen.How are you?- This should be interesting.- What should?Sending you on an assignmentwith your face all busted up.- An assignment?- Yep.You're the perfect person for it.You just had a baby.Why are you giving mean assignment?We're doing an issueon heroes, and we'reprofiling a number of inspirational people.We just need a small piece of copy toaccompany a pretty photo.You hired me as an investigativejournalist. I don't do puff pieces.Wait a second, didn't I hire youto do whatever I tell you to do?And right now that's doing a profileon one of our nation's heroes.Who?Mister Rogers.As in the hokey kid's show guy?As in the belovedchildren's television host, yes.Look, I thinkthis could help you, Lloyd.Just, start to change your image.I don't need to change my image.Okay.Ellen?He was the only person on our listwilling to be interviewed by you, Lloyd.I guess you're developing a reputation.A reputation? People love talking to me.Yeah, they do. Until they readwhat you write about them.So what? I'm supposed to go easyon this guy because heplays with puppets for a living?400 words. Play nice.Hello, this is Lloyd Vogel,from Esquire Magazine.I'm calling to schedule an interviewwith Mister Rogers.Sorry about your face.You know, I got it good too.Look, I messed this up.I just want to talk to you.We have a lot that needs to be said.No. I'm not gonna be ambushed.Come on, Lloyd.Hi, honey.- Hi. Hi guys.- Hi, Lloyd.Smells in here.Bathroom trash.Nine different types of diapers.Hey, Lloyd.I got it.Hello?Lloyd?Who's this?This is Fred Rogers.Hi. That was quick.Well, I figured if you want to talk to me,I should want to talk to you.Yeah, I just wanted to set a time to sitwith you and ask you a few questions.I'm happy to schedule something,except for one thing.What's that?You have me here right now.Okay. Sure.On our program, I try to look through thecamera into the eyes of a single child,and speak to him,or her, trying to befully present to their feelingsand their needs.Right.Do you know what the important thingin the world is to me right now?No.Talking on the telephoneto Lloyd Vogel.Hey.Hey.You okay?I got an assignment.Where are you going this time?Pittsburgh, tomorrow.I'm profiling Mister Rogers.Really?I love him.- You do?- Yeah.Why?I don't know.Wait, Ellen is giving you a profile?She knows that's not what you do.I think that's her point.Can you say no?Can you take some timeand be with us for a while?You didn't take off any timewhen Gavin was born.Not really.At least it's someone good.Yeah.We'll see.Oh God, Lloyd.Please don't ruin my childhood.Hey, I'm looking for Fred Rogers.Who?Am I in the wrong place?I know who you are. In here.You'll get about twenty minuteswith him during the break.I was told an hour.You're not gonnatry to fight him, are you?Oh, softball league.Play at the plate.Maybe you shouldn't have ledwith your face.Sorry, guy. Could be a minute.Is this a Make-a-Wish thing?How are we doing, Margy?He's ruining my life.How long?Half-hour already, which puts us...73 minutes behind. Yikes.I gotta go in. Cover me.You're on your own....color of sweater that I do, but I can'tsee colors very well, isn't that funny?Look at that.I'm sorry.Son, he's talking to you.All right.Don't do that, sweetheart.That sword looks awfully sharp,and heavy too.- Not really.- No?Well, you must be very strongin order to hold it like that.And I bet you are very strongon the inside, too.Oh, I'd love that.I'm terribly sorry, Fred.We need to start.Can I take your picture?Everybody make sure you can see me.Thank you.Thank you so much for coming downand visiting us in the neighborhood.Folks, if you'll follow me.How often does this happen?Every day.Okay here we go!Everybody settle.Quiet please.Roll sound.- Sound speeds.- Mark it.And, action.Do you know what this is?It's... Lloyd!Lloyd!Hold please!We can't fire him, can we?Hello, Lloyd.It's nice to meet you.Are you all right?Play at the plate.It looks like it hurts.Let's chat afterwards?- We need to keep moving.- We could have Evan take look at him?No, I'm good.I'm sorry, Fred,we need to...Okay, all right.It's wonderful to meet you, I'm so gladyou're here, Lloyd, I'm looking forward totalking with you. I truly am.After this.Everyone, this is Lloyd Vogel.He is a wonderful writer.Thank you, Fred.Okay, resetting.Step over here.Roll sound.Sound speeds.And slate.And action!Do you know what this is?It's a tent.Let's set it up.Mercy.Little bit trickier than I thought.I can't.I can't do it.It must take two grown-upsto set up a tent.And that's a cut. Let's go again.No, let's...Let's look at that.Okay, roll playback, please.You know, we could pre-seta tent for you.No, I think this is good.Yeah.I think we're okay.Good, that's lunch everybody.The tent. Why didn't you let themset it up for you?Children need to know thateven when adults make plan,sometimes, they don't turn outthe way we'd hoped.How long have you been married, Lloyd?Eight years.That's a wonderful accomplishment.Does your spouse have a name?Andrea.I would like to meetAndrea some day.I'm sure.You've lived in Pittsburghyour whole life?I grew up not too far from herein a town called Latrobe,but we've lived here for quite some time,and we've raised our boys here.Do you think living here makes it easieror more difficult to be a celebrity?Celebrity? Mercy.You don't consider yourself famous?Fame is a four letter word,like tape, or zoom, or face.What ultimately mattersis what we do with it.And what are you doing with it?We are trying to give childrenpositive waysto deal with their feelings.This piece will be for an issueabout heroes.Do you consider yourself a hero?I don't think of myself as a hero.No, not at all.What about "Mister Rogers"?Is he a hero?I don't understand the question.There's you, Fred, and then there'sthe character you play, Mister Rogers.You said it was a play at the plate.Is that what happened to you?What did happened to you, Lloyd?I got into a fight.Oh my.Who did you get into a fight with?It's not important.Jerry.And who is Jerry?My father.Oh my.I'd rather not talk about it.What were you and your fatherfighting about?I'm here to interview you, Mr. Rogers.Well, that is what we're doing,isn't it?We're ready for youin studio B, Fred.Okay, Margy.I thought we had twenty minutes.Can I take your picture? I like totake pictures of people that I meetso then I can show themto Joanne later on.Thank you so much.I do hope you'll stick around. I really do.That's it?Daniel, are you set?I'm set.Thank you, Daniel.Did she just talk to the puppet?Daniel isn't just a puppet.Daniel is Fred, and Fred is Daniel.You mean...Please stop talking.Let me knowwhen you're ready, Lattie.Okay. Thank you.And Trolley. Action.Hello, Lady Aberlin.Hi, Daniel.Are you making that funny smell?Do you meanthat skunk kinda smell?No, I'm trying to helpthat smell go away.By squirting another smell?That's right. A sweet smelling smell.Wanna smell?Okay.That does smell good.Where did the bad smell come from?Mister Skunk.He got scared, and he just sprayedthis smell all over me.Oh no! Did he say he was sorry?No.And that just makes meso very mad!And I don't know what to do.Oh, Daniel.♪ What do you do with the madthat you feel? ♪♪ When you feel so madyou could bite ♪♪ When the whole wide worldseems oh so wrong ♪♪ And nothing you doseems very right ♪♪ What do you do? Do you punch a bag? ♪♪ Do you pound some clayor some dough? ♪♪ Do you round up friends for agame of tag or see how fast you go? ♪♪ I can stop when I want to.Can stop when I wish ♪♪ Can stop, stop, stop anytime ♪♪ And what a good feelingto feel like this ♪♪ And know that the feelingis really mine ♪♪ Know that there's something deep insidethat helps us become what we can ♪♪ For a girl can be someday be a woman ♪♪ And a boy can be someday a man ♪Thank you, Lady Aberlin.Thank you, Daniel.- I feel better.- I'm so glad.I just don't know if he's for real.That's not for you to say, Lloyd.I think with a few more interviews...No, no, no. I told you,this isn't an exposé, okay?Just, please, put pen to paper. A coupleof funny anecdotes. Keep it simple.I can't do that, Ellen.He's a lot more complex than I thought.He's a children's entertainer.He's Mister freaking Rogers.This isn't Mikhail Gorbachevwe're talking about.I don't think you understandwhat you're asking of me.I'm asking you to do your job,Now, get out of here and come back to mewhen you have your first draft.This gives new meaningto "boys in the hoooood".We'll be back with Mister Rogers!- Hey.- Hi.How'd it go?He's just about the nicest personI've ever met.When you say it it doesn't soundlike a compliment.There is an attitude out there, there are somethings going on, there's a lot of hopelessness.What do we need to do?There are no simple answers, of course,but if we could, through television programs,as well as every other imaginable program,let people know thateach one of us is precious.It all starts in the home. We cannever underrate how important that is.I don't think that anybody can grow unlesshe really is accepted exactly as he is.If somebody is always saying to a child"you're gonna grow upand you're gonna be fine".So much of that in this country already.- It's your turn.- Yup.A child is appreciated for whathe "will be", not for what he "is".He will be a great consumer someday.So, the quicker we can get them out ofthe nest, so they can go out and buy,then the better.What do you think is the biggest mistakeparents make in raising their children?Not to remember their old childhood.Yeah.I think that the best thingthat we can do is tothink about what it was like for us,and know what our childrenare going through.But you know what, it's so hardonce you get to be a parent, you always say"I will never do this", when your mother's doingit to you or your father's doing it to you.You say "I will never do this to my child".And then you get to our age,and you forget what it was liketo be this size, you really do forget.But those children can helpre-evoke what it was like.That's why when you're a parentyou have a new chance to grow.You do?Did you ever, I can't imagine,I know that you are the father of two boys,but I can't imagine you ever having a problemwith your children. You ever have any?Well, of course, I'm a human being,just like everybody else...I thought you would just talk to themand say "Can you say good morning"?And they would change.But, you know, a lot of peopledo those parodies...♪ Well I left my happy hometo see what I could find out ♪♪ I left my folk and friendswith the aim to clear my mind out ♪♪ Well I hit the rowdy roadand many kinds I met there ♪♪ And many stories told meon the way to get there ♪♪ So on and on I go,the seconds tick the time out ♪♪ So much left to know,and I'm on the road to find out ♪Hello.Oh my, I woke you.Is this Andrea?Yes?This is Fred Rogers.- Oh hi!- Who is it?Uh, Lloyd's right here.Andrea, while I have you, I just want tothank you so much for sharing Lloyd with us.It can't be easy him travelingwith Gavin at home.Thank you for saying that.I'm gonna give Lloyd to you now.Mister Rogers knows my name!This is Lloyd.You left withoutgetting to say goodbye,so I'm glad we get to continue to talk.I'm going to New York City today to film,and Joanne is coming with me.We thought you might liketo come down and say hello.How much time do you thinkI'll have with him today?You're here becauseFred wants you here.Honored.He likes everybody,but he loves people like you.People like me?I've read your work.You don't really carefor humanity, do you?I'm just doing my job.I insisted he read youbefore we agreed.And did he?Every article we could find.Oh thank you.That made me wanna get upand do a little dance.We have a surprisefor you, Mister Rogers.We gonna play one of your songs,called "You are Special".How wonderful!How do you play your instrumentswithout your bows?Well, we can play pizzicato, which means we'regoing to pluck the strings with our fingers.Hello everybody.Nice to see you.I call this movethe handshake hand off.That's quite a skill.We stole Bill from thegovernor's office fourteen years ago.Have you got a chanceto know him yet?Love Bill. Big fan.He is very protective of Roge.You call him Roge?I don't call him Mister Rogersat home, dear.Joanne Rogers.- Nice to meet you.- You as well, dear.How does it feel to be marriedto a living saint?I'm not fond of that term.If you think of him as a saint,then his way of being is unattainable.He works at it all the time.It's a practice.He's not a perfect person.He has a temper.He chooses how heresponds to that anger.That must take a lot of effort.Well, he does things every daythat help ground him.Reads scripture, swims laps.Prays for people by name.Writes letters, hundreds of them.He's been doing that since I met him.Thank you so much.Thank you folks for coming out.- My love.- Bye, my love.We'll see you in just a few hours.Lloyd, I thought you and Iwould spend some time together.Of course.Do you always take the subway?Joanne and I have an apartment.It's just a few stops away.It's the easiest wayto get around sometimes.You've covered some heavy stuff,especially for a show aimed at children.I'm glad you had a chanceto view the program.Death, divorce, war. It gets dark.You know,Maggie Stewart showed methe most beautiful word in sign language.Do you know what that means?It means "friend".Isn't that perfect?Who's Maggie Stewart?Hey Mister Rogers.♪ It's a beautiful dayin this neighborhood ♪♪ A beautiful day for a neighbor ♪♪ Would you be mine?Could you be mine? ♪♪ It's a neighborly dayin this beautywood ♪♪ A neighborly day for a beauty ♪♪ Would you be mine?Could you be mine? ♪♪ I have always wantedto have a neighbor just like you ♪♪ I've always wanted to livein a neighborhood with you ♪♪ So, let's make the mostof this beautiful day ♪♪ Since we're together,we might as well say ♪♪ Would you be mine?Could you be mine? ♪♪ Won't you be my neighbor? ♪♪ Won't you please?Won't you please? ♪♪ Please won't you be my neighbor? ♪That was wonderful.It seems like all these peopleline up to tell you their problems.Isn't it wonderful? Such bravery.It seems like that would bean incredible burden on you.I'm grateful for yousaying that, Lloyd.I'm grateful for your compassion.Is it a burden on you?Okay. Let's assumeit's a burden on you.There's no normal lifethat is free from pain.How do you deal with that?There are many ways you can dealwith your feelings withouthurting yourself or anybody else.Yeah, like what?You can pound a lump of clay.Or swim as fast as you can swim.Or play the lowest keys on the pianoall at the same time.Did you ever talk to anyoneabout the burden you carry?Would you like to meetmy special puppet friendsfrom The Neighborhood of Make Believe?They look like they've seenbetter days.They've been with mefor quite a while.You ever think about swapping them out,getting new ones?Didn't you have a special friendwhen you were very young, Lloyd?- A special friend?- Special toy.Or a stuffed animalthat you loved very much,even as it got ratty and worn-out,it made you just love it all the more?I don't know, I'm sure I did.Can you tell meabout your special friend?I think I had a rabbit.Did your rabbit have a name?It was just rabbit.It was Old Rabbit.And who gave you Old Rabbit?My mom.She must love you very much.That she did.She died when I was young.I'm sure that if she saw you today,the person you have become,she would be proud of you.I want to get back to my questions.You wanted to meet my special friendsfrom the Neighborhood of Make Believe.No. I asked about the burden you carry.I am King Friday the thirteenth.Lloyd Vogel the journalist,I presume?And here's Daniel Striped Tiger.Sometimes, Daniel is too shy to talk.But that's okay, Daniel.Have you met Daniel?Not officially. No.I'd like to meet Old Rabbit.I don't wanna talkabout Old Rabbit, I gotta say.Maybe Lloyd doesn't feellike talking today, Daniel.And that's okay.Can you putthe puppet down, Fred?You stopped making the showin the mid-seventies for three years.Why'd you quit?At that point I felt the programhad covered all the majorfacets of childhood.And what brought you back?Money? Boredom?My sons had grown into teenagers.And were struggling.We all were.I realized then that there werestill much more to talk about.I can't imagine it was easy,growing up with you as a father.Until recently, my oldestnever told people about me.He's very private,and that's okay.And my younger son,he genuinely tested me.But, eventually, we found our way.And now I'm very proud of both of them.But you are right, Lloyd.It couldn't have beeneasy on them.Thank you.Thank you for that perspective.You're welcome.Is that not the answeryou were hoping for?Being a parent does not meanbeing a perfect parent.You might be experiencingsome of that now, with your son.I've been thinking a lotabout you and your father.Did you work out your disagreement?This is ridiculous.Lloyd, where are you going?We're done. Thanks.It's been a real pleasure.Mercy.Hey hey.C'mon, sit down.We cooked you some take-out.They brought pizza.Lloyd, this is Dorothy.Hello.Can't you just say hello?Where are your manners?I'm sorry. I think we should go.I had an idea, okay?We'd eat some food,we'd talk like people.I messed things upat the wedding.Of course, you know,you didn't help, but I get it.Then, you let me sit out there in my caron the street for two nightslike I'm homeless,like I'm some kind of a bum.- Jerry, you're not helping.- He won't say a word!You came hereto introduce me to her?Dorothy.Hi, Dorothy.Hi, Lloyd.Okay, you did what you came here to do.Now I want you to leave.Lloyd!I may never come back here,so, please listen to me.Dorothy and I have been togetherand in love for fifteen years.He left as soon as Mom got sick,did you know that?Couldn't even waitfor her to die.She really didn't want me there.'Cause you were sleeping aroundwhile she was dying.I know. I know it!It took me yearsto get myself together.Dorothy is why I'm standing here.She helped me grow the hell up.You know what they tell youabout people, when they are dying?They tell you it's peaceful.That they just slip away.Mom screamed as she went,did you know that?She screamed until she passed out.And then they came in and revived her,and she went right back to it.It was just me, Lorraineand the nurses!Sign the paperwork.Pack up the house.Put her in the ground.- Jerry.- Come on, Lloyd.My jaw.Jerry.Jerry!Oh, Jerry, Oh my God!- I'll call 911.- Lloyd, do something!- Is he breathing?- Yeah, he's breathing.Lloyd, do something!The cardiac MRI revealedmore extensive stenosis than we thought.An operation at this time...The risk of infection alone...You know anything?I hate hospitals.You should go homeand get him to bed.I don't wanna leave you here.I'm not staying here.Okay.Let's all go together.No. I have to go to Pittsburgh.Right now?Yeah, I have to work.With your dad like this?I have a deadline.Yeah, I'm sure Ellen would understandif you tell her what's happening.I don't want to.I wanna go to Pittsburgh.I wanna do my job.This shouldn't be a surprise to you.Don't talk to me like that.You seem to think thatnow that we have a kidI shouldn't care about all the thingsI have always cared aboutjust because you don't anymore.Well, I still care about my work.I have never asked youto stop caring about your work.I've gotta go.Why? Everyone who is important isin this hospital right now.Can't you be on my side for once?You used to be on my side.I am telling you thisbecause I am on your side.Now is not the time to go work.I gotta go, if I'm gonna makePittsburgh by morning.Fine.I'm gonna go sit with your family,while you go.Pittsburgh?Lloyd! There you are.Hey, I need to talk to Fred.Very funny, mister. Get over there.We're ready to shoot.Right this way. Come here.Quiet please.What? What am doing here?You're in this episode, of course.Just wait there.- Roll sound.- Sound speeds.And slate.And... Action.Oh, it's my good friend, Lloyd.Lloyd Vogel.- You remember Lloyd?- Fred, I don't understand what's going on.Can we stop?Are you feeling unwell?Stop asking me questions.I ask you questions.On today's program I thoughtwe would talk about hospitals.Sometimes when somebody is sick,- they have to go to a hospital.- I hate hospitals.A hospital is a placewhere people go.Okay.Would you like to pretendwe're at a hospital?No!Hello, Old Rabbit.What?Old Rabbit, I presume?I'm not... I don't...Where's Fred?I've been waiting to meet you,Old Rabbit.I'm so happy you came for a visit.Hello, Lady Aberlin.Well hello. Hello, Old Rabbit.Oh my God.We were discussing hospitals.Well, a hospital is where you gowhen your body is hurt,but what do you dowhen your feelings are hurt?Well, you talk about them.♪ It's good to talk. It's good to say ♪- The things we feel.- What's happening to me?♪ It's good to talk ♪♪ We're much more realwithout the lock ♪♪ It's good to talk ♪Go ahead. Try saying "I like you".I like you.♪ I'm sad ♪I'm sad.♪ I'm angry ♪When did you become angry?Do you remember?Did something happen?Hey peanut.Hi, Mom.I know you thinkyou're doing this for me.Holding onto this anger.I don't need it.Lloyd?Lloyd?What happened?I don't know. He just collapsed.Is he okay?Turn.Oh good, you're awake.My goodness, if I knew you were there,I would've stopped all this noise.No, no. That was beautiful.You must be very hungry, Lloyd.Let me get my jacket, and we'll go out.I should go.No, nonsense.Look at this.Thank you so much.Enjoy.Thank you.Are you a vegetarian?I just can't imagineeating anything with a mother.Bill was right.You love people like me.What are people like you?I've never met anyonelike you in my entire life.Broken people.I don't think you are broken.I know you are a man of conviction.A person, who knows the differencebetween what is wrong, and what is right.Try to rememberthat your relationship with your fatheralso helped to shape those parts.He helped you become what you are.Would you do somethingwith me, Lloyd?It's an exerciseI like to do sometimes.We'll take a minute,and think about all the peoplewho loved us into being.I can't do that.They will come to you.Just one minute of silence.Thank you for doing that with me.I feel so much better.So, the way I left...Was messed up.Yes. I should've called you.You shouldn't have left.The doctor came out to speak to you,I didn't know what to tell her.I really didn't know whatto tell your dad.And on top of that,I tried to get a cab home,of course, I couldn't get one,so had I took a train, at midnight.People were looking at mewith Gavin like...Someone was gonnacall Child Services.I know you're trying to apologize,but that doesn't mean it gets to be easy.Okay, talk.Can we sit?Is he down?Finally.Listen...I realize I need to dealwith my feelings.When I'm scared,which I was in the hospital,and I...I have been for a long time,I get really angry.And I know it's a way of saying"I can't deal with thisget away from me".But that's not what I want.That's, actually, the oppositeof what I want.You and Gavin...You're what I want.I'm sorry.I have to go and see Jerry.He's dying.I know.My dad is dying.Celia Sherman. Colby Dickerson.Justin Cook.Rebecca Aniton.Lloyd Vogel.Andrea Vogel.Gavin Vogel.Jerry Vogel.Thank you, God.He still eats like a teenager.Cold cuts, sugar cereal.Stubborn goat.At least you come by it honestly.Did you know aboutme and my sister?Not until very recently.What about my mom?When he got sick last year,the first episode, he...He started to talk,and tell me things I wishhe'd told me a long time ago.We got bourbon, you know.Someone should drink it.No thanks.Not even beer?Do you have a beer? Yeah I...I'll drink a beerif it will make you happy.No. I don't have a beer. And don'tdo it because it'd make me happy.Do it 'cause you wanna do it.You don't have a beerand I don't wanna beer.So, don't drink anything. Dehydrate.Sorry.I definitely broke the Pack 'n Play.It just snapped like a chicken bone.How is he doing?He seems fine.I don't know.They don't put a hospital bedin your living room if you're fine.Hey, thank you for coming.You're gonna love the sofa bed.- Yeah?- No.Okay. Come here.I know. I know.I know, you wish it was your momwho was awake right now. I know.But we're gonna let her sleep, okay?I'm gonna get better at this.And we're gonna have toget used to each other.♪ I like you as you are ♪♪ Exactly and precisely ♪♪ I think you turned out nicely ♪♪ I like you as you are ♪♪ Without a doubt or question ♪Who's that?Dorothy?Come on.You okay?Yeah, I'm fine.It's four in the morning.I don't sleep much these days.You don't sleep either, do you?I never did this with you.Up in the middle of the night,doing the mom thing.It's not a mom thing.You know what I mean.You should rest.No, stay.Hey.Right over there.What?Just grab two glasses.I don't think that's the best idea.How would you know? You don't drink.Come on.Now we're talking.Cheers.Lloyd.I am sorry for leavingyou and your sister.It was selfish. And it was cruel.Will you look at me?I am so sorry, son.It's not fair, you know?I think I'm just now startingto figure out how to live my life.I've always loved you.I love you too, Dad.What?It's stupid.It's like ten thousand words.Yeah.It's not really aboutMister Rogers.I know.I mean it is, but it's so you.You never talk about this stuff.Nope.It's good.- Yeah?- Yeah.Lloyd. I love it.You do?Yes. It's gonna be the cover.Right off the bat,about the wedding...Whatever, It was the mostentertaining one yet.I'm just glad you're here.Don't go to Martha's Vineyard.Why not?It's my honeymoon. I deserve it.Absolutely you do.No, it's not a question of entitlement.You're not gonna like it.It's a buncha rich jerks,and it's freezing.You're gonna freeze to deathwith a buncha rich jerks.Who's here?Ah, I'm in the right place.- Come on in.- Lloyd.Holy crap.Andrea?Hi Fred.Such a pleasureto finally see you.- Can I take this for you?- Oh, thank you.Hello, Mister Rogers.Hello.Hi Gavin, hello, I hope you and Ican be friends someday.Mr. Vogel.May I call you Jerry?Yes sir, you certainly may.Lloyd, Joanne adoredyour article, as did I.Andrea, are youfeeling better about daycare?A little. Maybe.What?You're not the only onewho talks to Fred.Mister Rogers, is it trueyou are a sharp shooter?Navy Seal!No, I'm afraid not.What, the hell, kind of an insanequestion was that?I heard it.Andrea, where did you guys goon your honeymoon?We eloped in Maui, so we were kindaalready on our honeymoon.- I would've gone.- You weren't invited.Lloyd is embarrassed by us.- I'm kidding.- I know.Maybe, we should doa family vacation.What do you think about that, Dad? Shouldwe dip our toes in the ocean together?That sounds so nice.Crash your honeymoon?Count me in, If I'm still here.You know, death is somethingmany of us are uncomfortablespeaking about.But to die is to be human.And anything human is mentionable,anything mentionable is manageable.Anything mentionable is manageable.You gotta send me a copy.Joanne would love thiswhen she sees it.It'd be so much coolerif he was in this.Thank you.I should get going.I'll walk you out.Count on it.Thank you.Hey, what did you say to Jerry?I asked him to pray for me.I figure anyone who's going through what he'sgoing through must be awfully close to God.- Lloyd.- Bill.Read the article.And?♪ Sometimes people get sad ♪♪ And they really do feel bad ♪♪ But the very same peoplewho are sad sometimes ♪♪ Are the very same peoplewho are glad sometimes ♪♪ It's funny but it's true ♪♪ It's the same, isn't it for me and ♪♪ Sometimes people are good ♪♪ And they do just what they should ♪♪ But the very same peoplewho are good sometimes ♪♪ Are the very same peoplewho are bad sometimes ♪Maybe, I could slow downfor a few months.What do you mean?To stay at home with Gavin.Let you go back to work,without having to worry about daycare.- I want to.- Really? You?Gavin and I already discussed that.We both agree.I'm so glad I had a chance to tell youabout my friend Lloyd, and his family.I have a new picture of Lloydwith his family,would you like to see it?There they are.That's a nice picture.It gives me a good feelingto see them all together like that.I hope you know that you madetoday a very special dayby just your being you.There's no one in the whole world like you,and I like you just the way you are.♪ It's such a good feelingto know you're alive ♪♪ It's such a happy feelingyou're growing inside ♪♪ And when you wake upready to say... ♪♪ "I think I'll makea snappy new day" ♪♪ It's such a good feeling,a very good feeling ♪♪ The feeling you know ♪♪ That I'll be backwhen the day is new ♪♪ And I'll have more ideas for you ♪♪ And you'll have thingsyou'll want to talk about ♪♪ I will too ♪See you next time.And that's a cut!Thank you.Okay.- Great?- Yeah.- That's a wrap.- Thank you.We're on location tomorrowat Mister Wagner's shoe shop.- Call time is 8 AM.- Thank you all.ADs have the call sheet.- Goodnight.- See you tomorrow.- Goodnight boss.- Goodnight.See you tomorrow.