                   A Beautiful Curse (2021) - full transcript                   

foodval.com - stop by if you're interested in the nutritional composition of food  --- 
            This is a public announcement.All the ferry serviceshave been suspended.If you are still on the island,contact the authoritiesat 555-2368.If you are not ableto quench your thirst,are feeling tiredor lightheaded,do not stay by yourself.Call immediately.555-2368. We can help.Let's find us some shelter.How about there?No.



Ah, what about there?Yeah. Looks big.What do you think?Looks good, yeah?Hell-lo?Let's find you a home.Yeah...I'm going to call you Apple.Stella.Your name is Stella.Hey.Hi.Hi.Coffee.



Yeah, it keeps you awake.Uh, I'm, uh... I'm... I'm Samuel.What do you want?Uh, I just wantedto introduce myself.I thought maybewe could talk about- what's been happening here.- What are you doing here?No one invited you, and you...You can't just walk in.Stella, wait!How do you know my name?There's stillno logical explanationfor what's happeningto the folkson the island offthe west coast.The governmentfears the phenomenoncould spreadto the rest of the country.Entering the areais strictly forbiddenand could beextremely dangerous.In a few moments...It's time to get up.What are you doing here?No one invited you, and you...You can't just walk in.Uh, I justwanted to introduce myself.I'm, uh... I'm... I'm Samuel.What do you want?I thought maybe we could talkabout what'sbeen happening here.No one invited you,and you...You can't just walk in.Stella, wait!How do you know my name?Did anyone see you walk in here?I don't think so.You don't think so?Who are you?I'm a photographer.I've been, um,sent here to documentwhat's been happening here.You're here for money?Sneaking aroundand taking pictures.If I could'veasked permission, I would've.I was the last one to be hit.Who was the first?The piano teacher.She used to call the numbersat the village hall on Sundays'cause Bingo is pretty populararound here.And, uh, right in the middle ofreading out a card, she just...fell asleep.What did people do?That must've been, like, scary.Mm-hmm.They called the doctor.And there'sno indication whatsoeverthat there's anything wrongwith her.Well, apart fromthe fact that she's asleepand no one canwake her up, of course.Aye.That's whenit really got complicated.Every timesomeone who's asleep is movedeven a few metersfrom where they fell asleep...their pulsegoes up dramatically.Like, really dramatically.The authorities told usthat moving them could...It could causetheir hearts to explode.But...that hasn't been reported.Tick... tick... tick...Boom!No one's come upwith a... a logical explanation?No one has any ideahow it started or how to end it.It's... No sign of disease onthe sleeping people, no fever.People don't lose weight.They don't get bedsores.They just... they just...sleep peacefully.That must havebeen really s... scary for you,seeing peopleget hit one by one.I wasn't scared.It was just really odd.Just this, like, calm,weary feeling took overmore and more and I kept havingthese crazy dreams,and... I feltjust a bit dizzy,but not in a bad way.Like...Like, you know that feelingwhen you've smoked a joint andyour body feels all relaxed?You smoke pot?Mm-hmm, don't you?No, no, I barely even drink.I mean, I might have a beerif I'm stressed, but no.Wow. Part-ay.Mainly I remembergetting really, really thirsty,but no matter how muchI drank, I couldn't quench it.And these really weirddreamy hallucinations.But mainly I remembergetting more and more thirsty.Do you know... do you...What do you think it is?You wanna know what I think?Maybe everyone just watchedthe same boring TV showtoo many times.Maybe...This is a public announcement.If you are still on the island,contact the authoritiesat 555-2368.It is extremely dangerousfor you to stay here.In a statement today,the prime ministerpromised more resourcesto the authorities trying tosolve the mysterious phenomenonon the islandoff the west coast.The government fearsthe phenomenon could spreadto the rest of the country,and authoritiesare patrolling the areafrom the ground and the airto make sureno one enters the island.I have to leave.And, uh, I'm sorry.It's too risky for me to stay.Are youafraid of getting infected?More of a hygiene thing.I'm actually almost never illbecause I... I keepmy hands clean.Well, you can get sickfrom being afraidof getting sick,did you know that?What exactly are you doing here?What am I doing here?Um, I'm here ona photography assignment.Yeah, I know,but why are you really here?Um...I c...I, um...I didn't just come hereto take pictures.I, uh,uh, also came here...for... you.Yeah.Um, no, I, um...I came at, um... last summer.I was actually herewith some friends.I, uh, saw youin the supermarket.Okay.Yeah, um, um, you were so, um...What was I?Um, photogenic?As pretty as a picture?Um, well, I don't know.You were so, like, um...Yeah, it's difficult to explain.You had a sort of energy aboutyou, like, um, you know, cool.I don't know. Like, I justguess... I guess I wanted to,uh, get to know you somehow.I actually saw you later.Uh, I went out for some foodwith some friends.Uh, the restaurantwas full of people,and, uh, you actually satover there.Yeah, right there. And I... I sathere at this table.And you were having...You were having fun.You were laughing andjoking and throwing things.And I was... I actually wantedto come over and talk to you.You know, it could've been fun.Why didn't you?I actually... I planned to.I thought I'd do it afteryou finished your mains,and then after your desserts,and then after you fin...You know, paid the bill,and by that time it was, uh...It was too late.So, what stopped you?Shit...Good morning.How are ya?Self-service today?Yeah? Okay.Let me see. Ah.But, you know,if you had risked itand come over,what would you have said?Um... well, I su...I suppose I would have,uh, introduced myself,and, uh, been like, "Hey, um,do you wanna grabsome coffee sometime?"Oh, wow, coffee.Oh, God.That sounds epic.No, or, you know, have pizzain a restaurant, I dunno.What... Would you have said......yeah?Amazing Things: tape number one.Peoplewho bite their fingernails.The tapping soundof a typewriter.Wearing flip-flopswhen you shouldn't.Lasagna.A wine glass full of beer.Getting into bedwith clean sheetsafter you've just shavedyour legs.Barbie dolls,if their head is cut off.Balloons.Driving your caron the beach in wintertime.Unexpected phone calls.Owning musical instrumentsyou don't even know how to play.Apples.Eating two bags of wine gumsin a row after smoking a joint.Old wooden religious symbols.The periodic table of elements.Wearing underwearjust out of the dryer.Growing your very own herbs.Old magazines.Hey, where do you wanna go?Um, I dunno.Wake up, come on!I thoughtI was the one sleeping here.- Do you have a car?- I don't have a car.- Oh.- Let's find one.- No. No, no, no.- Mm-hmm. Yeah.Hey, you can't steal a car.- Come on!- Stella.You can't steal a car!Oh, look what we have here.Samuel, what do you think?Nah, looks a bit dull,doesn't it?Hey, what about this one?Samuel?Come on over.We just need somethingwith a bit more... power.- Power?- Style.- Style?- Bit classier?Right. Style.Ha-ha-ha!There we go.That is the one for us.What do you think?I think we should takethis one, it looks good.Let's take it.Aw, it's locked.That's a shame.Oh, what a shame.Let's go and walk, come on.We need the keys,we need the keys!This way.Absolutely not.Absolutely not!- No, no.- Come on!- Stella. No, no.- Samuel.Don't be such a wimp, come on!Stella...Hello?Wow, this place is,uh... is pretty minimalist.Come on.Do you know him?Not really, but I... I'veseen him in the supermarket.Are we allowed to be here?Coming from you?Seriously?Hey, dude, we're justgoing to borrow your car,but we're going to takereally good care of it.Samuel, is he a jacket type,a dresser typeor a kitchen counter type?What do you mean?Where does he put the keys?Ah, I'm going to go find them.Have you found them?Are those his?Yeah!You wouldn't have thought, huh?You can't just take his things.Who cares?You know, maybehe's actually a jacket type.Bingo!No...Do you know what, Samuel?What?Let's get killed.I don't have a license.Not bad, huh?No, it's nice.The sun is so nice.Do you know that feelingwhen you have cold toesand a warm face?I always have cold toes.- Now you wanna take a photo?- Yeah.Unbelievable.Have I told you you'vegot a really photogenic face?- Oh, photogenic?- Yeah.Is that good or bador is that boring?Okay, you've taken enough.Oh, yeah, I've...Yeah, I've... I've...- I've stopped.- Good.It's nice out here.It's so calm.Mm-hmm.What?Quiet.Yeah, quiet.That's a cool scarf.You can wear it if you want.Yeah?Seventy.Thirty-six-point-six.Let's move on, shall we?Stuff that I dream of.To feel less vulnerable.To ride a flamingo.A furry friend.A constant smile to look at.Getting a letterfrom a stranger.Less loneliness.To be able to be invisible.To find someone to really trust.I, uh... I read this story...This sort of ancient storyabout how long,long, long, long ago,humans lived as one piece.Two souls formed as one,woven together.Together, the soulwas incredibly powerful,and they were challenging thegods, and then Zeus comes down.And he, um...He cuts them in half,and he separates them.And so, they live separately,and that's whywe talk about, um,trying to find your other half.Do you thinkthere's one person for everyone?I'd like to think so.But how do you knowif you've found the right one?I guess you just feel it.I dunno.Have you?Found the right one?Um...Have you?I thought I had once, but...Now I'm just happybeing by myself.I just want you to wake up.I just want to meet you.I want you to wake up.This is a public announcement.If you are not ableto quench your thirst,are feeling tired......or lightheaded,do not stay by yourself.Contact the authoritiesat 555-2368.It is extremely dangerousfor you to stay here.Hey.Hey, buddy!Hey, hey, Apple!Look what I got for youin the supermarket.Yeah.Dinner, hey?Come on.Okay. Hey!Yeah, do you like your plant?Lasagna!Voila.After you, sir, thank you.Cheers!Mm-hmm.Beer in a wine glass.Yeah.Hey, hello. Hey, you.So, I went tothe, uh, supermarket today,and I picked upall of your ingredients...You think you know me,but you don't.Okay.I feel like, um, I do.In some ways.Tape number two:Not So Amazing Things.I don't feel I'm good enough.I'm lonely,even with other people.The antique pictures I buyfrom the flea marketbecause they help me feellike I have a real family.My parents told memy grandfather diedbefore I was born.They don't knowI know he's still alive.You can't get to knowsomeone by goingthrough their stuffand watching them sleep.What do you... I don'tknow what you want me to...What do you want me to do?I feel like I...want to know everythingabout you.But that's what I feel,and I don't know why,and that's what... um,that's what I've got to do.I want to knoweverything about you.I don't thinkthat's such a good idea.I think you can, uh,learn a lot about somebody...by not just listeningto what they tell you...but by hearingwhat's under the words.I find it hard to surrender.I don't feel beautiful.You don't even know me.I wish I never came here.Well, what's stoppingyou from leaving?Fuck off. Fuck off!What are you talking about?I would be way too much for you.Yeah, I think you would.Okay, well, I guess that's it.Yeah, I guessthis will never work.Bye, then.I have a good feeling.Okay...Shit...- Samuel?- Hey.I've been thinking.I don't thinkI can change for you.I've been... I've been thinking,too. You shouldn't have to.I am who I am.I like who you are.But you've only imagined me.I think this can work.How?We don't even know each other.I'll show you.But what if you fall asleep?The longer you stay here, themore likely you are to be hit.I can't tell you what to do.You don't have to.I just want you to know...no one has ever made me feelthe way you make me feel.You make me feel so happy.You make me feel so free.You do that.You, um...I'm just...I'm just scared...that... we will... never meet.It's timeto decide how this goes.Oh, fuck.Mainly I rememberbeing really, really thirsty.But no matter how muchI drank, I couldn't quench it.I'm not leaving.Ow.Hello?Um...Hey.Hello?Hey?Hey!Come on.Hey! Wake up!This isn't real.Uh, did you put thaton my picture?Okay. I'm just gonnalet you... stay there.Hey, did youeat all of my apples?Hey!Oh, what?Okay, now I have a fish?Hey, did you make this?It's pretty good.Have you beenlooking in my diary?You... You listenedto my tapes?The fuck is wrong with you!Why did you do that?Fucking hell.Now it's my turnto really get to know you.Have you ever beencaught masturbating?- Uh, what? Um, no...- Clock's ticking!Okay, um, have I... Yes, I have.- By who?- Um...Uh, my mom.- Where?- Where?In my garage.If a familymember needed a kidneyand you were the only match,would you give one up?Would you give one up?Depends on who.- Your father?- Difficult.- Mother?- Absolutely.Have you ever killed an animal?Never.Do you everrehearse a phone callbefore making it?Um, yeah. Um, well,it depends onwho I'm talking to.Let's say me.Then I would definitelyrehearse it.Do you have many friends?Do you feel alone?Not right now.Have you ever been in love?Yeah.Hi.Hi.I'm Samuel.I'm Stella.