                   A Bit of Bad Luck (2014) - full transcript                   

foodval.com - stop by if you're interested in the nutritional composition of food  --- 
            VOICE OVER:I had the world by the ballsWant details?Okay. I had more moneythan I knew what to do with.A respected lawyer. In demand.And my wife. Was beautiful.From a wealthy family of timberbarons.And then...I threw it all away.BROOKS:Honey, please, put the gun down.AMANDA:Who is she?BROOKS:There's no one.



AMANDA:Is it that bitch Sandy again?I don't know what you're talkingabout.Is she good in the sack,Brooks?I'm gonna call, Doctor Nessbaum,Okay?Is she young?We're gonna talk this through.BROOKS (OS):You, me, and Dr. Nessbaum.Is that why you're leaving meagain this weekend?Give me the gun.Where'd you get this thing?It's not loaded.Have you been taking yourmedication?You're not gonna tell the doctorare you?What, that you threatened tokill me again?



Whose the woman you're meetingthis weekend, huh Brooks?Amanda we've been through this adozen times.BROOKS (OS):I'm doing work for an out oftown client. I don't likethese weekends away anymore thanyou do.Then take me with you.You know I can't do that.I don't believe you.I'll see you Sunday evening.Brooks darling, please don'tleave me...I have to go.AMANDA:I'm glad I didn't shoot youBrooks.Me too.It would've been far toolenient.Adulterers like you should bestoned to death like theydo in the Middle East.You know why don't you, um,why don't you hold that thought.And we'll discuss it when I getback, 'Kay?AMANDA:You're not the only ones withplans this weekend Brooks.I have a few plans myself.(Traffic sounds)RADIO:So professor, what you're sayingis that there is such a thing asdivine reciprocity or karma ifyou will, and that we all getour just deserts in the end.CALLER ON RADIO:I don't know if it's divinelyinspired or not,we now have scientific evidencesupporting the idea of what goesaround comes around.JAZZ MUSICBROOKS (OS):Hey Leonard, It's BrooksCaldwell here, um, I'm callingabout Amanda - seems she stoppedtaking her medications again.Could you give me a call as soonas you get this, I'm on my cell.Thanks.♪ WHEN YOU HEAR THIS MESSAGETHEN YOU'LL KNOW THAT ♪♪ IT'S PAYBACK TIME♪RADIO HOST:I'm talking about God's laws,one man, one woman,one life time on this earth, andwoe to the wicked sinnerwho thinks differently.ROCK MUSICPASSION SOUNDSHEATHER:You took forever...PASSION SOUNDSBROOKS:That's dangerous activity you'reengaged in.HEATHER:Thanks... but I've already hadthat 9th grade health class.I don't mean your smoking.Then what?The magazine you're reading.Come again?It'll turn you into amisandrist.A what?A hater of men.(scoffs)Oh, my God, okay.You know, maybe some men deserveto be hated.Want proof?Huh?How to tell when he's lying, 8free and easy ways to invesigatehis background, how to know ifyou're dating a sociopath.Well, I'm not done with readingthis thank you very much.I just read it for the fashion.Ohhhh, sure. That's the baitthey use to lure you -helpless and unsuspecting womenin...Mmmhmmm. It's to buy it. It'swhen you start reading thearticles, 'ehhhh, that's whenthe real brainwashing begins.You know, the only person tryingto brainwash me around hereOh yeah? Look at this. Why themarried man you're having anaffair with is probably justusing you, I mean, where dothese broads get all off really.(scoffing)Well, is that what you're doing?BROOKS:What?Using me?Come on I m here, aren t I?I m with you every chance I get.What more do you want from me?(Sigh)I just don t understand why oursituation has to be sodifficult. I mean you tell meyour wife is crazy and you hatebeing married to her, you guysdon't have any children.I mean, come on you couldleave her this weekend if youIt's not that simple Heather.It's the money, isn't it?Um?She's your meal ticket.I wouldn't say that. I... I havemy own career, in fact,my job pays very well.Yeah, but you've said ityourself, all of your clientsor most of them are connected toher family. They would all dropyou if you leave her, right?And her income is from a trustfund that you can't touch.How do you know about that?I know about her family. TheSmiths own all the timberlandaround here. They've beenexploiting the people andthe resources of this areafor decades.Some people might call thatcreating jobs.She has life insurance, right?Yeah. So?It would take care of themortgage and probably a lotfor you, too.I m not sure I like the direct-ion this conversation is headed.Look, all I'm saying is that allof our problems would besolved if she were to...What?Unexpectedly die.Really?It could be made to look like asuicide.Okay...No, seriously! You've told meyourself she's tried to killherself before, right?Will you listen to yourself...I mean just...just listen to yourself.What? Self defense! That'seven better. I mean it iswell documented that she hasthreatened to kill you in thepast.Who are you??We can do this. Together.Just us.I would share the risk with you.Alright, that s enough, Heather.Enough of this conversation,okay? I don't want to talk aboutit anymore.I guess that I just thought thatI could believe you when youtold me that you really lovedme.Come on... come on.You know I do.But you love your wife, too.Yeah. I mean, No! No!I didn't mean that.(OC): Oh, Hell!!Come on!! (sigh)I didn t (tsk) . . . I didn tmean it like that!What I meant was I uh... Ilove her like I'd love arelative, you know? Afamily member.HEATHER (OC):Go away!!Come on! Open the door, Honey!Leave me alone!mad here. You just just askedme to kill my wife, you know.Heather (OC): You know what?Maybe you should go hometo your psycho wife before shetries to kill herself again.Seeing how you loveher so much.Why don t you say that louder soeveryone in the hotel canYou know what? I can see howsomebody being married toyou would want to killthemselves.I seem to recall your confessingto me about your own suicideattempts, sleeping pills,wasn't it?Oh, screw you!!Go away!!Alright! Fine! ...Fine!I'll be out here when you'reready to talk.HEATHER CAN BEHEARD CRYINGJesus!AMANDA (OC):This time it s loaded, Brooks!GUNSHOT SOUND!NO!Heather?... Honey?Heather?... You in there?BROOKS (OC):Heather?Heather?Oh, God!... Oh, God...Oh, God!!POLICE OPERATOR (OS):9 1 1, whatis your emergencyUh, yes...uh... uh.POLICE OPERATOR (OS):Sir? What is your emergency?Uh.... I'm sorry, I...I miss dialed.C'mon Brooks! Think!Think!... Fuck!... FUCK!BROOKS (OC):Son of a Bitch!FUCK!Fucking hell!Shit!Oh!Hey, I'm Chuck.Oh, hey.Looks like they got you,too.Who's they?Probably some kids last night.Yeah, they drained me dry.A few others, too.Manager says the police are ontheir way. What room you in?I'll come get you when theyshow up.Oh... um... I'm...I'm not staying here.Do you know if there's agas station nearby?Yeah. There's a service stationabout 15 miles down thehighway south of here.Seein' as you have a ...high bird, you shouldprobably make it.Right.Less they did anythingelse to your car.Why?... What do you mean,anything else?Sure you don't want to wait forthe police to show up?You know file a report?I'm late as it is. Thank you.Appreciate it.RADIO EVANGELIST (OC):The physical laws of sowing andreaping are just as immutableas the law of gravity. Whatevera man sows, that very thing,shall he reap.BANJO MUSIC PLAYSGAS STATION ATTENDANT:Sir... Excuse me.May I help you?Uh... yeah. I... I... I can'tseem to get this thingThis is a full service station,sir. I'm going to pump thatgas for you.Oh... sorry.What do you need?Uh... Can you fill her up withpremium, please?Pay inside.Okay. Thank you.Um hum.STATION OWNER:Morning.Morning.Can you tell me the uh...quickest way to get toI-5 from here?You're a long ways from I-5.What I'd do is head back northabout 25 miles and link up withHighway 165. From there youtake 410. You're looking atabout an hours drive.Yeah, I know that... uh...I actually came that way...uh, I was just wondering ifthere was a way to reach theinterstate without going backthe way I came.Well, what I mean is... um...if I keep heading south on thehighway here, is there a wayI could eventually find a ...a different route?I'm sorry sir. Not any way thatI know of.Great.Are you staying in thearea over the weekend?I say are you in the areaover the weekend?Oh, no. I'm just kindaexploring. I'm an explorer.So you're from Seattle?No...no. Not... not Seattleexactly. I'm just... uh...uh... I'm justfrom around.Thank you.Oh... here. On second thought,I'll just pay with cash.That'll be fine.Thank you.Okay.There you go.If you'll pardon my asking,sir. Is everything alright?Yeah. Everything's fine. Why...why... why do you ask?No reason.Thank you.What has he done to my car?Hey!Excuse me! Can I help you?What... what...I noticed this pool ofwater under your car.It's just as I suspected. You'vegot a hole in your radiator.A hole? That's... that'simpossible! This isIf you look down here, you llsee that your fan belt brokeand because the fan itself wasprobably loose, it slashedThat's crazy! Then why isn'tthere a water trail leadinginto your parking lot?It must have just happenedwhen you pulled in.OWNER (OC):Not necessarily, sir. This sortof thing happens all the time.Goddamn it!I was told there were some kidsmessing around with people scars back at the motel. Theymust have done this.You were at a motel?Over at the Seasons?No... the guy who told me saidhe was... was staying ata motel.Well, sir, if this is a new car.Someone might haveloosened your fan.Is there a reason someone wouldwant to do that to you?No... Look, forget I mentionedit. Um... how long will ittake for you guys to fix it?We could sell you a new fanbelt that'd probably work.But someone's going to have tobend that fan back in place andpatch up the hole in theradiator. We're just not set upCan't you make some calls andfind out if someone in thearea can help me?Okay, Bob, thanks. I ll tellhim. Well, we ran into abit of luck.There's a repair shop up inCreechville that can dothe work.Creechville. It's about 20 milesaway as the crow flies.It's an old logging town.Um... I've never heard of it.I mean I've never drivenWell, you wouldn't drive throughthe place. It's not on the wayto anywhere. Like I say, it'sjust an old logging town.One road leading in and out.And there are people up therewho know how to work onWell, they just need to bendyour fan back in place,patch up the radiator.They come down here to buy partsfrom me now and again butmostly people from Creechvillestick to themselves.Well, how... how do I get my carup there?STEW:We can probably hammer it backinto shape but it won t be along term fix. You'll have toreplace it with a new one whenyou get back to the city.I don't understand how somethinglike this could have happenedwithout my noticing.So what about the radiator?It's a pretty big gash. We canpatch that well enough for youto make it home but then you'regoing to need to get you a newradiator too.How long is all this goingto take?Well, we can start on it thisafternoon. We could have itready by... tomorrow morningaround 10.I need to be out of here today.Look... if it's a matter ofmoney, I'd be more than happy topay whatever is necessary toSir, your business is apriority to us, but I m . . .I'm sorry, tomorrow is the bestwe can do.Uh . . . Is there a hotelnearby that I could stay at?FRAN (OC):Well, we got a motel here intown, but it s probably toorun down for your taste.Yeah . . . yeah. There s a muchbetter place about 40 minutesaway, probably passed that onyour way in. It's not far fromwhere we picked you up at. I'lljust have Fran here driveThanks all the same, but I...I'd sooner just...just stay here in town near thecar.FRAN (OC):I d be happy to drive youover to The Seasons. I . ..I don't know if you're familiarwith it, but the rooms arereal nice.I'm sure it's nice, but I'dprefer to just stay here.Suit yourself. I'll call and letthem know you're on the way.Okay, so where is this place?So just head down this road,then make a left on the mainstreet and just keep going andyou'll run right into it.Thank you.I'll give you a call over in themorning when your car isready, sir.Thank you.That the guy?Yep, that's him.Left on main. Keep going.You can't miss it!BROOKS (OC):Excuse me, sir.You know where the... uh...where the motel is in town?BILL CREECH:Sure, go down to the stop sign,make a right, can't miss it.Thank you.I'm Bill Creech.Oh... um... I'm...I'm Brooks.We don't get visitors herevery often.Well, I can see why. Uh...I've lived in Washingtonfor years and it's the firsttime I've heard of the place.We're off the beaten path.That's certainly anunderstatement.We were a logging town foryears. The timber companypulled out in 89, some folksdecided to leave. Most of usrefused to let this place die.Hi Cindy!CINDY (OC):Hi Bill!Cindy, this is Brooks.Hi, Brooks! So you're alawyer?How'd you know that?Oh... sorry... I, I used to workin a law office and youattorneys just have a certainlook about you, that's all.Really? What... what kindof look is that?You know. I'm so sorry, I reallydidn't mean anything by it.Um... please excuse me. Ineed to get to work.Well, it was nice chatting withyou, I'd better get um...checked into my room.I'm sure we'll see you againsoon.Wow. Hello?Hello!RINGS BELLGRETAJust hold your horses!Auck! I'll be therein a minute!!Can I help you?Yes, I would like a room fortonight, please.You have to wait til my husband,Bruce, comes back.Well, uh... can't you justhelp me?Well, sir, if I could help you,I probably wouldn t have toldyou that you have to wait untilmy husband comes back.Okay.Uh... look, my name isBrooks.I already know who youare. I just got off the phonewith Stew.BRUCE (OC):Hi, can I help you?I thought you left.This is the guy.Hi, I'm Bruce and this ismy wife, Greta.Charmed.Yes. We, already met.So... then just for tonight?Let's hope so.Do you prefer a king bed?Sure... whatever.I just need a $10 depositfor incidentals.You gotta be kidding me!SCOFFSGod...Phone Operator (OC):If you'd like to make a call,please hang up and try again.Wow!RINGS BELLJust a minute!Oh, it's you.Hi. Do you know whereI might...Bruce!You gotta love that smalltown hospitality.My apologies about that. How'sthat room working out foryou, sir?Just peachy.Can I help you?Yes. Do you know where I mightgo to get a drink around here?Yeah. Walt Porter's place, justaround the corner from here.Thanks.You be real careful out theretonight, sir.Thank you.BAR SOUNDSCROWD GOES QUIET.Excuse me, I'll...I'll have a beer.DRUNK MAN:You don't look likeyou're from here.Thank you.You're kinda funny looking.How about that beer? Ma'am...Jeez... what does a fella haveto do get a beer inthis place?You want some of mine?Would... you... like... to...mine... share with me?That s a tempting offer but I mthe kinda guy thatlikes to drink his own.Thanks.Well, if you change your mind,the offer still stands.Hello? Ma'am?Hello?MALE VOICE (OC):Hey Ricky!Did you lose a boot?RICKY (OC);Give 'er back!FEMALE VOICE (OC):Throw it over here!Lose one? It's more likehe found one?(HE IS ONLY ONE LAUGHING)OFF CAMERA SOMEONELAUGHS... LAUGHTER.WALT PORTER:That was funny.Thanks, I think.I'm Walt Porter.I own this bar.Hi, I'm Brooks. Is this...uh,where you... uh, throwme out on my ear?Hell no. Your business iswelcome here.Becky, I think I heard thisgentleman order a beera moment ago.Thank you.So, you're that Seattle attorneywith the Lexus over atStew's shop huh?How is that everyone seems toknow who I am?Well, the truth is... uh, youleft some of your legalpaperwork in the car and Stewand the boys over theretook note.Is that so?Shoot, all the better for you asI see it.How's that?Um... Nobody wants to doslipshod work on anattorney's car.I wish that were true.It's a nice place you got here.Not really. Uh . . . but it sthe only place in town folkscan go to get a drink. Not likethose fancy places, I bet you goto up in Seattle.Uhh, not that fancy.Umm??CURTIS:Howdy! The name's Curtis.BROOKS:Hi.I understand you're a lawyer,Sir.I am.Do you know much aboutdivorce law?Um, enough to steerwell clear of it.Would you mind if I askedyou a question?I ve been married for over 30years. My wife moved out lastmonth and now she's got thislawyer down in Pierce Countyuhhh... and they're going to tryto take me to the cleaners.Now, what I wanted to ask youwas can . . . can they do that?I... supported her for over 30years and she did nothing butsit home and get fat, and now,according to her attorneyshe can take everything I ownand force me to support herfor the rest of her life.I hear you, Curtis, but uhm,unless you signed a Pre-Nup,there's really no getting aroundthe... uh, community propertylaws in this state.Community property!Um-huh. That's where she gets tokeep the property and you,my friend, get to live out inthe community.Smells like communismto me.Curtis! It's the screwing youget for all the screwingyou got!So my client says to me beforehis divorce trial, I know I mgoing to take it up the ass onthis one, your job is so thatthey don't pour sand inthe Vaseline.I told my boss how I lost thetrial. He said, "Did the clientpay in full?" When I told himyes, he said, "Oh, you wonthat one!"So the judge sentences him to500 years on all 14 countsand when the Defendantprotested, the judge justsmiled and said, Don t worryMr. Ramirez, you can cut thattime in half with goodbehavior."CROWD:Chug, chug, chug, chug, chug,chug, chug, chug, chug, chugChug, chug, chug, chug, chug,chug, chug, chug, chug, chugCURTIS:You got some real funny stories,Counselor. You made mefeel better.CRYING CAN BE HEARDHey, Walt. Who is that guy?That there's Bobby Creech.Hmmm. I think I met hisdad today?No, you met his granddaddy.Oh....Why is he so broken up?Found out this afternoon thathis wife's dead.Uh... that's too bad.The handwriting was on the wallif you ask me. Old Heatherhad all sorts of problems,mental and otherwise.Including trying to sleepwith every guy...Wait, wait a minute. Did...did you say her name was...Yeah, good old pillpopping Heather.That lady was the biggest whorein the county.I tried to warn Bobby before hegot married to that bitch.Wouldn t ya know he didn ttalk to me for almost a yearafter that.Well, they found her around noonsprawled out on the bathroomfloor in some motel up thehighway.Mo...motel?Yeah, the Seasons I think itwas. She'd overdosed onsleeping pills, You know, she'strying to take her own life.She was in a coma when thecleaning lady found her.She died later atthe hospital.She was... uh, alive when they,when they found her?Yes, sir. Apparently, they saidat the hospital if somebodyhad found her even just an hoursooner, huh . . .she probably would havepulled through.Oh, God.You want to know thereal rub of the whole thing?What?She wasn't alone in thatmotel room.You don't think she'd be stayingin a motel all by herself?That woman?Well, how... how do youknow for sure?Well, it seems some folks at themotel saw him leave her roomthis morning in an awful hurry.The way I figure it, whoeverthis guy was that she wasbanging probably woke upthis morning and found her onthe floor.Taking her for dead, not wantingto deal with the cops,I think he just decided to getthe hell out of Dodge.But then, being an attorney, youprobably see this stuff all thetime...Anybody, uh, anybody knowwho this guy is?No... not yet anyway.Well, she was seeing threedifferent guys, not countingher husband, Bobby,of course.Of course.So the Creech s and some otherfolks are trying to track downthe identity of whoever this guywas that was with her at themotel. They're blaming whoeverhe is for Heather's death.Can't say I blame them for that.So they're... they're trying tofind this guy so they can...they can turn him into thepolice, right?Well, maybe, but... uh, I thinkit's going to be a little moreWell, you didn t hear it from mebut . . .uh well what I meanto say is I assume we can havea little attorney/clientprivilege here?Uh, a couple of years back,Heather was carrying on witha biker dude from Ashford.Yeah, they were having an affairand being right out in the openabout the whole thing...And... uh, the Creechesapproached the guy about it.So, Mr. Badass tells theCreeches to go screwthemselves.Then what?And then Mr. Badass BikerDude up and disappearswithout a trace one day.Well, maybe, uh... the guyjust decided to move on.Yeah, well word around thecampfire, he moved on upthe mountain where he's buriedunder 18 feet of dirt courtesyof our town's elder citizens.Th... th, that's just arumor right?Uhh, I don't know. Heatherdidn't seem to think so.You actually think they want tokill this guy, I mean...assuming they find him right?Oh, they'll find his assalright?You can count on that.JOHNNY CREECH:Hey Walt! Can we see youover here for a minute?That's Johnny Creech, Bobby'sbrother. I'd better go pay myrespects. You just sit tight,Counselor. I'll be right back.BECKY (OC):Can I get you anything else,hon?No, I'm fine. Uh, where'sthe restroom?Through the kitchen, downthe hall. Can't miss it.Oh, Thank you.C'mon man, pull yourselftogether. No one hereknows shit.Hey Counselor, where are youoff to in such a hurry?Oh, uh, Walt, thanks for thedrinks, but I... I, gotta gethome to bed.Ahh, son, let me buy youanother round.Ahh, mmm... I really needto get some sleep.Come on, Counselor, just a quicknightcap with some 10 year oldwhiskey I just opened.Okay, just a small one.Now you're talking.Here's to ya!No Sir, this one's for you.That's good. Aww... I neededthat! Yeah, I needed that.You know, Brooks, it's been areal pleasure having youhere in my place.Naw, the pleasures all mine.You take care now.You too...JOHNNY CREECH (OC):Give me his room key.ROOSTER CROWSHE IS SNORING.Ooh...Fuck! What the fuck!Shit! Fuck!Fuck! Fuck! Fuck! Fuck!You! I want to talkto you!You! I thought I told you toget the hell out of here.I've been robbed! My, my,...my, my laptop, my phone!My room has been ransacked!I don't know about that! What Ido know is that you came inhere last night drunk as askunk and screamed profanitiesat my wife.What! I was not drunklast night!Yes! You were! You alsothreatened us. Now,get out of here before I callthe police!Where are my belongings?I want them right now!You get out of here and don'tyou ever come back here again!You've not heard the last fromme!Don't come back!You couldn't pay me to!Cindy, Cindy... Hold... hold ona sec, wait, wait... wait, wait.Hold on... wait!You seen Walt Porter?Please, Mister, don'tdrag me into this.Drag, drag you into what?What are you talking about?Look you're in grave danger.You need to get out of here!What do you mean?I never met you before in mylife. Now, please leave meAlone!Wait... wait a minute!No! Get your hands off ofme! Help!What kind of game are you peopleplaying?BURLEY MAN:Leave her alone!Shit Bird!Kay.Walt! Hey Walt!You in there?It's closed,Asshole!I can see that. Thank you.Walt! Open up!Nobody wants you here.Why don't you just leave!And why don't you mind yourown business, dumb redneck!What did you call me?A dumb red...Fuck! That fucking hurt!That's right! Run home to yourMom! You little pussy!MOB STARTS YELLINGHey!Yes, you can help me!You can help me by gettingmy car right now,please.Um, um... I'm sorry, sir.I don't understand.My Lexus, the one I droppedoff yesterday.The one that was supposed to beready by now?Just get my fucking car andbring it out right now!Sir, we don't have your Lexushere or any Lexus for thatOh, is that so? Well, then youwon't mind if I take a lookaround just to make sure.Sir, is this some kind of jokebecause it's not very funny.Where the fuck is my car? Whatthe fuck did you do with my car?Huh!I think you need to leave.Mister.You know what? I've had justabout enough of the littlegames you people areplaying here.Well, I don't have your car.Well, then you better find itbefore I smash your skullagainst this wall likean egg!MAN IN PICK UP(OC):There he is boys!CURTIS (OC):Hey Counselor! What areyou running for?DRUNK MAN:We just want to talk to you isall! We, we ain't gonnahurtcha!VEHICLE CAN BE HEARDOh... Thank God!FORESTY DRIVER:What the hell you doingout here?I came from Creechville.Creechville? That's like threemiles away!?Yeah, I know. Look, canyou give me a ride? Please?Where do you want a ride to?Anywhere, just away from here.Someplace where I can...you know, make a call.I'm sorry, I can't do that.Against County Policy.Well, well... if you can't dothat then why'd you ask mewhere you could take me?I don't know, I was justcurious, I guess.Look, sir. This is... this isa life and death situation.I'm sorry but I couldlose my job.Loo, loo... lose your job?Who would ever know.I don't know. I could be drunkat a bar and just let it slip.Look, I... I, I have a bunch ofcrazed lunatics who are tryingto kill me! Can you please,for the love of God, give mea lift out of here! I'm beggingyou! Please!I said no. Now, I've got to getback to work.No, no please! Don't go. It, it,it's okay. Just a ride. Not far.I don't need to go far. Just alittle ways further, please.Wait.... wait!SOUND OF NATUREHOUSE MUSIC CAN BE HEARDIN DISTANCE.KID #1Whoa... whoa, whoa, wait.What's up? Can I help you?Yeah, is this your place?My folks.KID #2What... what do you want?You guys, you're not fromCreechville, are you?KID #3Where?KID #2What is Creechville?KID #1We're not hicks okay?We're from Tacoma.I'm sorry, I need your help.I ran into a little troubleback there.It's just some people who areafter me. Do... you don't havea phone here by any chance,do you?KID#1Hey boss, why are these peopleafter you if I may be rudeWell, that's the uh, that's themillion dollar question.Ha, Ha. I don't know.I have no idea.KID #1No reason?KID #2Uh, No reason!No.KID #3Not at all.So, basically, what you resaying is these people over inShitsville just randomly pickedyour name out of a hat andsaid Let s get thisMotherfucker!Kind of. So, um... do you havea phone I could use?Well, that all depends...On what? What are you talkingabout? Either you have a phoneKID #2Whoa, easy Boss. See, I thinkthat actually depends on howmuch you're willing to payfor the privilege.Pay? Okay, okay. Fine. I'mperfectly happy to pay.Fuck! Fuck! Son of a Bitch!Fuck! They took my money!KID #3Your life s starting to soundlike what the ancient Greekswould call a Tragedy, Dude.KID#1Sorry, Buddy. No money...no phone.Okay, Look, I'm... I'm a lawyer,okay. I've got plenty of money.If you let me use your phone, Iwill send the money to you assoon as I get home. I swearto God.KID #2Oh, yeah. Yeah! Why don t Ijust give you my P.O.Box number, Mister?Alright, this... this is a Rolexwatch. It's yours if you justlet me use your phone.That looks like a phoney.What!?KID #2That is a knock-off!It is not a knock-off! This isa Rolex Oyster PerpetualTime Change. This is worthminimum... minimum threegrand on E-Bay.KID #3Let me scalp it.KID #1Let me get this straight...you're going to give us athree thousand dollar watch...Yeah...Yeah, just for thirty seconds...just so I can call the police.KID #2Uh, oh.KID #3The cops?KID #1You said you're an attorney,right?KID #1Okay, what do you think the copsare going to do when they comehere and see a bunch of underage kids having a party?KID #2Duh, DumbassLawyers Man!KID #1You need to get outof here!Okay, this is bullshit!Give me back my watch!KID #1Hey, I wouldn't do that ifI were you!MUSIC BLARINGBROOKS:I need to borrow your phone!PARTY GIRL:Hey Jerk!BROOKS:Yeah, Hi! I need to report...Hey, hey, okay, okay...okay, I'm leaving.I'm leaving. Let go of me!KID #1Told you not to come in here!KID #2Private Party!Motherfucker!Fuck You!BIRDS CHIRPINGHOT TUB SOUNDSAnybody home?Hello?Hello?SCREAM FROM RIGHT.Oh, Ma'am, I'm so sorry. I,I... I didn't mean to scare you.HOT WOMAN:Oh no! an intruder!No, no, no ma'am... you...you don't understand, I...IVicious criminal, now I supposeyou're going to take me as yourbounty and force me to doyour bidding.Now you're going to rape me,aren't you, you beast!Lady, I... I don't want to hurtyou. I just want to useVery well, you animal! Itappears as if I have nochoice in the matter. I willsubmit to you. You may dowith me as your lustful,depraved desires dictate.Are you listening to me?I assume you want totie me up.What?There's some rope in mybedroom.No, no... I, I really don't.No, wait, stop that!No, look lady, I just needyour help, okay?Ohhh, I see. You like to behurt, don't you.No!One moment!Wait . . . wa. . . wait! Wh .. . wh . . . wh. . .where are you going?... No, no,no...no, put that down!Ow! . . . Ow! Ow! That hurt!Ow! Ow! Knock it off!Ed, you fucking asshole! Firstyou re over an hour late gettinghere and then you fuckeverything up by not playingalong! So you know what?I'm not in the mood anymore.I d appreciate it if you d justleave now.Look. First off, my name is notEd, it's Brooks, and I have noidea what you're talking about.So your online name isn'tKing Kong Dong?No, I... I don't have anonline name.Then how did you endup here?JOHNNY CREECH:Howdy.KID #3Howdy.KID #1You guys aren't cops are you?CREECH:Seen a man around here today?Mid-30's, short hair, blueshirt...Squirelly looking guy?That's right.Yeah, we kicked his outof here.'Bout how long ago?Ahh, like 40 minutes...I'm not talking to you.That sounds about right.You know which directionhe went?That way, sir.Come on.BROOKS (OC):Now my life isin danger...And yours too probably if theycatch you with me.So could you please . . . pleasejust find it in your heart tolet me use your phone?Brooks, honey, of course, butthe things is this cabindoesn't have a phone.Alright, we, well, do you havea cell phone I could use?I do, but there's no receptionout here.Shit!Uh, wait... wait, I saw a car!You have a car here right?Maybe you could drive mesomeplace where I cancall the cops. It would reallymean a lot to me.Baby, I don't think it's a goodidea for you to go out thereright now, it could be reallydangerous.That's why I need to call thepolice.You know you're much morehandsome than the picturesI saw of Ed.Baby, you seem really up tight.Why don't you let me runyou a hot bath.Thanks, but I think Ireally should be...You can stay here with mefor a few days. You'll besafe here. We only have onebed, but I'm sure we can share.Look, you're very nice, but Ireally just need to use yourHey! Asshole! I m throwingmyself at you here.You know how many men wouldkill to be in your position?Well, I . . . I . . . I m veryflattered . . .I just need to get out of here.Well... Fuck you and the horseyou rode in on, Buster!You know what you are?Yes, in a hurry.HOT WOMAN (OC):You're nothing but a spoiledrich little brat! You thinkyou're too good for me.Sorry, this is a life or deathsituation. I need your keys.Yesss! Ma am, I ll bring yourcar back as soon I can andI promise I won't put a denton it.GUN COCK!Now step out of the car,Mister! Move It!Please don't do this.Drop the car keys!Scram Faggot! If I see youaround here again, I'llblow your fucking brainsout!Okay.COUNTRY STORE CLERK:Oh, my God, sir.Are you alright?No, I'm not. Uh, wha... what...where am I?You're in Ashford.Pierce County?Okay, uh, I need touse your phone.Well, we have a pay phoneout front.No-no. You don t understand.I don t have any moneyThis is a very urgent matter...I need to call the police.Do you have a phone inthe store I can use?No sir. I'm afraid wedon't.Okay, what about you?A cell phone... cell phone.Do you have a cell phoneYeah . . . I have cell phone,but before I call the policeI need to know what s going onhere so I can tell themUh, okay, uh... uh... where do Ibegin? Uh, well, what happenedwhen I woke up this morning anduh . . . well, it's just toolong of a story. There's a lotof people after me...It s a matter of life and death.I need to call the cops.Please . . . please . . . pleaseI m begging you? Please.Okay, I'll call the police foryou.Look, I don't get good receptionin here so I'm just going tostep outside and......Call 'em. You stay righthere. Don't touch anything.Of course. Thank you.Thank you again.POLICE OPERATOR:Creechville Police, MayI help you?Hi Betty.Is that you girl?Yeah.Oh, no!So are you going to make it tothe BBQ at Hanks?Yeah, I was hoping to, but I gotcalled into the store, so I'mactually in Ashford until 10.So what's going on?Well, I got here about an hourago and you will not guesswho just walked in asking meto call the police for him.I... I don't understand what'staking so long. It's ... it'sbeen almost 40 minutes. Youdid tell them it was anemergency right?Yes, sir. I told them. Theysaid they're on their way.Look, I'm... I'm very gratefulfor your help, but I think I'mgoing to try one of the housesdown the street and see ifthey'll let me call so I canfind out what the delayis, okay?No, I wouldn't do that, theyshould be by any minute.Look, I would hate to havethem show up and you'renot here, especially seeinghow it was me whocalled them.I'll be right back.CREECH:Somebody call for the police?POLICE #2Hey Tammy.Hi boys.Hey, Fellas. Little out ofyour jurisdiction, aren't you?You Brooks Caldwell?You know who I am.Mr. Caldwell, we have awarrant for your arrest.Warrant for what?I have the right to speak to alawyer.You're a lawyer aren'tya?Guess you'll have to talk toyourself, then.Fuck You! Asshole!You watch it!Oh, Jeez.What kind of place is this?MARK (OC):What's the matter, Man?Not cozy enough for you?Who's there?Just me.Who's me?SOUND OF CLAPPINGI'm Mark.Well, Mark, you certainly have acozy enough looking cell.Uh, well, thank you.I am, but now that you're herethey made me the jail trustee.You're kidding me right?Naw, and if I were you, I dwatch the way you talk tothese officers here, unlessyou want to do some timeYou mean that this isn't thehole? There's someplaceworse than this?Oh, hell yeah.Well, I take it you spentsome time in it.A whole month. Man, Iwouldn't wish that onmy worst enemy. That'swhy I'm warning you.Thank you, Mark, but I don tbelong in here. They re lackingproper... uh, venue andjurisdiction. They illegallyarrest me without any basisprobable cause. When I getwith my civil suit against theseclowns, I m gonna ownthis one-horse town. They regonna rue the day they putme in here, I can tell you that.You know that was the exactsame thing I said when theyhauled me in here. Can Istep around? This is a littleawkward talking to you likethis...Oh, and can you please shutthe lid on that? That shit hasbeen bugging me for threeweeks.Wait, wait a minute. Your celldoor doesn't lock?Uh, well, not exactly. I mean,it locks. They just allow itto stay unlocked.You mean, you... you,you can get out of here?Yeah, I mean, they'll let meout to go to church, see myfamily twice a week and otherstuff. It's just a privilegeI've earned over time.Over time... How, long haveyou been in here?Oh, I don't know, Man.Uh, 2... 2 1/2 years giveTwo and a half years. Huh . .Holy shit! Look Mark . . .I m an attorney and a formerprosecutor at that. This typeof municipality that we're inhas limited jursidiction.They can only prosecutemidemeanors. They can'thold anyone over a year.Yeah, yeah. Look man, what Idon't think you're graspinghere is that they do things alittle differently around here.Oh... well, that's bullshit!Okay? They still haveto follow the law. So, what areyou allegedly in for anyway?Uh, well, basically I've gotproblems with alcohol.I'm an alcoholic and um...Ihave or at least, I hadproblems with anger.Those are not crimes.Trust me.Well, that's what I'm inhere for, Man.Okay, uh, let me back up...um, when you were incourt what did the judge say youwere charged with?Court?Yeah.Judge?Yesss.We don't have judges in thistown. I've never been beforea judge for anything inmy life.Well, then who ordered youinto this place?The Elders.You know the... the, townelders, leaders. Totallyuncool types.Look, I don t know who to breakthis to you, but your elderleaders, or whoever they are,do not have the legal authorityto confine you, me or anyoneelse for that matter.Well, I guess you can tell 'emthat yourself when you seethem tomorrow morning.Yeah, I overheard the officerstalking about it.You did?What di...did you happen tohear what they... they,they're supposedly chargingme with?Well, no, but I'll tell youthis much. Whatever itis, it's somethingheavy.What do you mean, heavy?Cause they usually don t lockanybody up in here beforethey see them.Well, there was this one othertime that I can think of...Oh, who was that?Oh, just this... this reallyweird biker dude.Totally negative energy,too.Well, what happenedto him?I don't know. I woke up onemorning and he was gone.Never saw him again.Karma.Mark?Who?Heather?Hi, Baby.Heather. They... They,they said you were...That I was dead?Yesss. Oh, God... it'sso good to see you.Oh, it's great to see you,too, Honey.Oh God, you have no idea what'sbeen going on. Huh,these people, they're... they'recrazy. They think I'mresponsible for your death.They might have exaggeratedmy situation a little bit.Just a little bit?I'm sorry, it's just... it'sreally funny to see youlike this.Look, Heather, this is no joke.You gotta talk to these peoplehelp clear it up, youknow...Oh, yeah, I know. I've talkedwith them. I doubt there'sgoing to be anything toclear up though.What do you mean? Wha...What do they have me in for?Uh, look, you gottahelp me.I'm afraid I can't do that.What the hell are you talkingabout?In case you hadn't noticed, I'min a fucking cell, Heather.Wow! You know the last timeyou saw me, I was laying onthe bathroom floor of themotel. Taking me for dead, youwere all too ready to justleave me there, without even thedignity of calling theauthorities.I'm sorry. Heather... I, I,I....You wiped down the room, youdid everything you could toconceal the fact that you werewith me and then I show upalive and all you can talkabout is you and your ownsituation. A situation, I mightadd, that you are responsiblefor creating.I... I, I do love you.Yeah? You know the onlyperson that you love,Brooks, is yourself.No, no... no, I, I... I mean it.I do love you, and I, I wantto prove it to you. But firstyou got to get me out of here.You've got to call my lawyer.Yeah... uh, you have somethingI'm sorry, I can't do that. Andeven if I could, I wouldn'thelp you.Ohhh, I get it. It's like that,huh? I see. Well, why aren'tyou in this cell with me? Huh?I mean you are married to thatthat slob in town. Why aren'tyou being punished as well?I ve never been married, Brooks.And when I do marrysomeone, I doubt he's gonna befrom a place like this.What are you talking about?You know, as a feminist, Iabhor men like you.Ohhh, so you're a feminist now?Is that it? Huh! Where did yalearn that? MetropolitanMagazine? Oh, no, wait...it's probably Oprah,wasn't it?Actually, it wasat Harvard.Harvard! Don't make laugh!Harvard!Harvard undergrad and Princetonfor graduate school.Who are you?I'm Heather Smith. Yourwife's second cousin.I know it s a little awkward forus to be meeting like this butof the two family functions I'veattended since you marriedAmanda, you were too busyplaying golf with yourBitch! You lied to me! Youtold me your name was HeatherGratzer from Eatonville.That s what you told me!Every man alone is sincere.At the entrance of a secondperson, the hypocrisy begins.Emerson.Cut the shit, Heather! Just tellme what the fuck is going on!This is an old company town,silly. Smith NorthwesternTimber? And they happen tohate people like you.Although I can t say I reallyblame them for that.What did you show up for then?Huh?I just came here to let you knowhow much I despise you andhow repulsive I found sexwith you to be.Yeah... and maybe just to alsolet you know how much I'mgonna enjoy your punishment.Wait... wait! Where areyou going?Oh, and one more thing, Ihappen to be a contributorto Metropolitan Magazine and,contrary to what you maybelieve, I don't hate all men,just you. ByeWait! Don't go! Heather!Come back! Heather!POLICE #3 (OC):Come on, Dickweed! Wake up!You've had your beauty sleep.POLICE #3Turn around. Hands behind yourback.BROOKS:Where are you taking me?Across the street.What's across the street?You'll see soon enough.BROOKS (OC):I'm personal friends with theState Attorney General.When I m through with mycomplaint, you ll be luckyto get jobs as mallsecurity.POLICE #3 (OC):Shut up!I demand to know whereyou're taking me!POLICE #3Don't give us any shit,Punk!POLICE #2Don't even think oftrying anything in here.Stand there and face front.ELDER CREECH:The Lodge will come to order.I declare the CreechvilleGrand Lodge of Elders open forsupplemental disciplinaryproceedings against a non-member, non-residentpursuant to Chapter 7, Paragraph1 of the Lodge Charter Revised1922. Let the record reflectthat the accused is now present.What are you talking about? Ihaven't done anything wrong.I'll take that as a plea of notguilty, Mr. Caldwell.A plea to what? I don't evenknow what I've beenLet the record record that theaccused pleads not guilty.Will the worthy Sargent-at-Armsplease bring in the firstwitness.His sexual proclivities, I wouldsay they were demented,if not perverse. Just beingaround him, made me nauseous,his slightest touch made thehairs on the back of my neckstand up in disgust. Yet,somehow, I just keptreminding myself how importantthis was for my dear cousin.And I managed to find thestrength to go on... It wasthe fact that he could leave methere for dead...I was entrapped.Now, Greta, you re sure Mr.Caldwell was trying tolure you up to his roomfor sex?Ohh, yes. In his last call downto the office, he insisted therewas a problem which neededmy immediate attention.What.. what exactly wasthe problem?He said there was an issue withthe springs in his bed mattressand he wanted me to come upand look at them.Oh, that is absurd. I mean, lookat her! Does anyone think fora minute that I would haveanything to do with thatMr. Caldwell, this is your lastwarning! This tribunal willtolerate no further out-bursts from you!HOT WOMAN:It was his beady eyes thatcreeped me out more thananything. Bedroom eyesyou might call them.Can you be morespecific?The way he stared, like he wasundressing me with his eyes.I felt like I was beingvisually raped by this man.I was only able to drive himaway at gun point and I shudderto think what he might of doneto me if I had not made it tomy shotgun in time.I just wanted to borrowher car!Silence that man!Gentlemen, I see no usefulpurpose in hearing furthertestimony. I think we've delvedquite sufficiently into theseedy, sordid world of thisdepraved man. You havebeen confronted today withincontrovertible evidenceof your own licentious andperverted conduct. And you,Mr. Caldwell, stand accusedby your Creator. I now putthe question to the full Lodge.All those in favor ofa guilty verdict?LODGE MEMBERS:Guilty. Guilty....ELDER CREECH:Brooks Caldwell, you have beenfound guilty of adultery,spousal abandonment, lechery,and inflicting mental anguishall against the peace anddignity of a community member.You've sown the wind, Sir, andnow you will reap the whirlwind.DOORS CAN BE HEARDOPENING.Amanda. Amanda!ELDER CREECH:Mrs. Caldwell, you wishto address the tribunal?AMANDA:Yes, I do.You know Brooks, you werenothing when I met you,just another obscure younglawyer in the big city.I'm sorry, Honey.All the exclusive clubs that youspend so much time away at,you would have never gotteninto, if you hadn't marriedinto my family.I, I... I know I haveproblems...All the clients my father sendsyou . . . all the vacationsand homes and everything else,all because you're marriedI promise that I will, I'll seekwhatever counseling isnecessary if you would justgive me one more chance.You know the worst of it,Brooks? Your complete lackof respect for me, I gave youeverything you could haveever wanted and when I wasmost vulnerable, you tookadvantage of me and betrayedmy trust. And even worse, youthought I was too dumb, tooinept to figure out whatyou were up to.I asking you to... toforgive me, please.Yes, Brooks, I canforgive you.Thank you...Thank you.But I cannot let you gounpunished for whatyou have done.What do you mean,punished?CROWD CHEERSWALT PORTER:How you doingCounselor?You gotta help me.Make them stop.Sorry, Kid. Once the bullcraps, you can't stuffit back inside.Please...It'll be quick.I promise.COWBOY (OC):Mark! Mark!COWBOY:Hey, Take our picture.Oooh.Okay, Man, got it.Check the screen, make suremy eyes weren't closed.MARK (OC):Yeah, man, you guys lookgreat.BROOKS:Wha.. why are you doing this?Hey, man. Don t take itpersonally. I mean they weregoing to do you anyway. It'sjust that well, they said if Iparticipated they'd let me outof that stinking cell fora couple of hours.Help me... please,help me.Sorry, Man, I gotta go.CHEERS ERUPTBrothers and Sisters! Thiswretch before you today standsconvicted of despicable andheinous crimes against thecommunity. There can be only onepunishment for such crimes. Itis not of our making, it is asour God demands.Was it not Jesus who said,"Let he who is without sin,cast the first stone?"How fortuitous of you to say so,Mr. Caldwell. It just sohappens that we have an honoredand, I might say, appropriate,guest to cast that veryfirst stone.Amanda... What are you doing?Make them stop.Citizens of Creechville,perform your duty!No... Amanda, No, No, No...NOOOOOOOO!Heather? Heather?What's wrong, Brooks?Oh, thank God! Thank,God! It was just adream! It's just adream!Uh, what's going on?A nightmare, but it was soreal... so, so vivid.I'm sorry.I'm done, Heather. I'm goingback to Amanda.Look, if this is aboutlast night.No . . . no. I m going to see apriest first. I m going to goto confession. I'm going togo to confession andthen I m going to come clean tomy wife, and beg her not toleave me. Yeah.What are you talking about?I've been a terrible husband.But that's all going to change.Starting today.DOOR SOUNDAmanda! How'd you find me?Wha.. what are you doing here?I put a GPS tracker on yourcar!Didn't your mommy anddaddy ever teach youto knock?Wha... whoa, what are you doing?This time it's loaded,Brooks.GUNSHOTFEMALE SCREAMMORE GUNSHOTSBROOKS (OC):It happened so quickly! Iremember that sound.The thud of the first bullet.I was shot four times. Oneof the doctors called mysurvival a miracle fromGod. He said I was blessed.Yet, I hardly feel blessed.BROOKS (OC):I had the world by the balls.I had more money than Iknew what to do with. Arespected lawyer, in demand,and my wife was beautiful froma wealthy family of timberbarons and then I threw it allaway.NURSE:Hi Brooks. Whaddya say,we change out that catheter?BROOKS (OC):Yeah, I guess you could sayit's the screwing I get forthe screwing I got...