                A Boy. A Girl. A Dream. (2018) - full transcript                

foodval.com - stop by if you're interested in the nutritional composition of food  --- 
            There's stillsome key statesthat we needto keep our eyes on.There's Michigan, Georgia,Nevada, Iowa.None of thesestates have been called....at this hour, Donald Trump isprojected to win North Carolina.This is a reliablyRepublican state,with the exception of 2008,when the statevoted for Obama.We just know thatwe deserve to be in there,and not sitting out here.Hey, yo, listen. Y'allknow why my nickname is Rock?



'Cause you can alwayslean on me.What?Oh, shit. Listen, listen.We're gonna get drunk,we're here to have a good time.You know what I'm sayin'?Listen, listen, what's the worstInstagram account out there?Who?What's the funniest?I think that's 'causey'all need to see it.I got the best Instagramaccount in the world.He's like a cornerstone.Yeah, I'm a cornerstone.Hey man, y'all ordering foodor what?You hungry?



- You orderin' food?- If you wanna eat.- What you wanna eat?- Are they hungry?Man, don't worry about them.They in their salad days?She needs a Coke.These LA girls, come on, man.You already know.- She need a Coke.- It's very cold.She's warm!Here, I got a warm heart.I can give you mycoat up until the door.Then I'm gettin' my coat back.I got a warm heart.I give you the coatup until the door,- then I'm gettin' my coat back.- Hey, hey.Go talk to him. Go talk to him.Check this out.You-you about give upyour coat, for real?What are you,like, Prince Charming now?Guess what? Guess what?I'm gonna get it back.- This is some bullshit.- Turn around.No, no.- Oh, damn, Rock!- No.- It ain't happening? It ain't happening?- Nope.- Nope. Nope.- This party is fit tonight.This party is fit.You want me toput your jacket on?I can't even get in there!You just gotta throw itover my shoulders.Bootsy Collins!Yo, Bootsy Collins!All right, let me getmy jacket back though.- Somebody might drive by and see me.- Yeah, that's true.Yeah, let meget my jacket back.When are we gettingin this place, though?People know me,you know what I'm saying?- Free!Can't be doing that.Yeah, come on.Yup, yup, yup!Thank you!Sorry, sorry, sorry!You in a rush?Where you trying to go?So, are you readyto get to this club?- Are you ready?- Yeah, I'm ready. Let's do this.Why are we waiting?Like, let's do this.I got you, boss.Why you in a rush?What's up?What's up?Uh, where your crew?What do you mean?I mean, you justout here alone?I mean, yeah. I'm good.This is really good.I bet. I've neverseen you before.What, you knowall the girls in LA?Something like that.Oh.Okay, then.So, you goin' to the Spot?"Spot"?- Spot.- Oh, no, no, no. I already went out.Where'd you go?Across the street to that bar.'Cause I don't like the lines.Oh, we don't do the lines.Just tellin' my new friendthat we don't do lines.What up, Miss Lady?How you doin'?- That's Rock.- I'm Rock.- Nice to meet you.- We go straight to the front.We're good.We?Thought it was just you.Me and my sandwich.Sorry, my sandwich and I.We good.Okay.Your loss.- Cass, you comin'?- I'm comin' right now.- Enjoy your sandwich.- Thank you.Are we doing thisor what?- Yeah, we doing this.- What you doin' back there, man?Huh? Bro!How come every time I look over,you on your phone, man?So what, man?It's just one state, man.Come on. We're not going to bedoing this bullshit all night.We're gonna get in here and we're gonnahave a good fucking time, you hear me?- Let's rock, Rock.- Alright, dude.Let's do it.That's what I'm talkin' about.Let's do this. Come on, y'all.- Yeah, let's do this.- You ain't cold!You got Cass' jacket.You look good, though.You know why you look good?You don't need a jacket.- She don't need a jacket 'cause she look good?- Nope. 'Cause she look good.Listen, if you had my jacket--Look, Cass...I swear to God,if she had my jacket...- She'd be--- We'd be taking all her beauty away!You know what I'm saying?She's beautiful!We be maskin' the beauty.No, you'd bekeeping her ass warm.Hey Rock, hold up fora minute. Rock, Rock, Rock!All right, all right.What?Just hold up! What?Mimi, just what? What?Come on.I'm busy, yeah.I'm taking care of our son.That's what I'm doin',I'm workin'.What?Yeah, of course. Put him on.Man...What's up, man?Son, what's up?What do you meanyou're scared?You're there with your mother,I'm here.I mean, what do you mean?She's screamin' at the TV?What did I tell you?Listen to me, Rumi. Rumi, Rumi.What did I tell you?What did I tell you?It doesn't matterwhat happens tonight.Just, you say it with me.That I'm...That's right.Okay, and what else?Exactly.And what else?That I'm a strong, smart,loving, black man. That's right.All right. On the count ofthree. One, two, three!One. Two. Three.Ommm...All right. So, you better?- Cass! Come on, man!- There you go.- Let's do this!- Look, go hug your mother.Tell her we got this. Why?You tell me why we got this.Tell Dad why we got this.Exactly. 'Cause we got this.All right.I love you.OK, goodnight.- All right.- Trying to keep the ladies warm, man.- Will you come on?- Hey!- Give 'em a coat!- We waitin' on you!- Give 'em a coat.- Offer still good?Um...Yeah. Word up.- OK.- OK.How was the sandwich?Oh, it was good.- Yeah?- Yeah.You want some gum?No, I'm not insinuating--- Trying to say something?- No, no, no. I'm just--- Yeah, I'll take some gum.- We're gonna get in here and have a good time.Fuck the election.The dude is not gonna win.Here you go.I heard the ownerof the year was here!You know what I'm saying?What up, Bam-Bam?Listen, I got a little for you.Got a little surprise for you.- Look at this cat.- What's up, baby?- How you, DB?- Look at him.What up, baby?How you doin'? You good?- I see you got all the great talent.- Always, man.Let my folks in.Let my folks in.I'm Michael Jackson, bro.You know what I'm sayin'?You know what I'm saying?World championships.We here to win. Hey.We gettin' in here and we gonnado the damn thing.Let's do this!Let's go, let's go!- Alright.- Alright.Let's do it.Let's do it.Hey, hey, hey!What's up, little girl?Hey, you.- What?- What's up with the movie, Cass?I got a feeling. Rewrites.Yeah, you're the onelosing time on your option.You're the onekeeping me honest.Good to see you.You enjoy your drinks tonight.- All right.- Have a drink.- Have two.- Have two.Hey, so what's up,though?That's how we gonna do?For real, though? OK.OK, I'll see you, baby.I'll see you.Yo, look at that.Look out. Come on, man.Hey!- I thought you got me?- I always got you, always got you!- What up?- You know I got you, baby.- They comin' over, right?- Yeah, I got chicks coming in..Yeah, that's what I'm talkin'about. Hey, hey. Always, man.Always, man.That's what I'm talkin' about.Listen, ladies. Tonight,we gonna have a good time.We gonna turn it all the way up.- All the way up!- All right?Yo, who brung the shades?That's whatI'm talkin' about!Hey! All right,Cass down there too.Cass down there, too!Whose is these shades?Whose is there?!Somebody was like, ahh!Yo. Yo, Rock.- Yo, Rock, Rock, Rock!- Excuse me.- What's up?- Sure.- I'm Rock.- Nice to meet you, Rock.That's what's up. You wanna comekick it with me up here?- I'm good.- You sure?I'm good, yeah, I'm good.Why you bein' like that?I'm just-just chillin',enjoying the vibe.I mean, you could comechill with me, though.- I'm good. Thank you.- Oh, OK. You too good, OK.What, no! I'm just sayin'!No, she just sitting over there.I just wanted to talk to her!Why you gotta be fake though?You know what I'm saying?See? You just gotta be nice.Right?Come on, let me getdown here. Hey, hey.Listen, give me the champagne.Always, bro. Always.Hey, come on. Give me the--Listen, I need something.What up, what up, what up!I'm just gonna start handingy'all glasses right now.There's yours.I'm good. Thank you.All right, whatever.Hey, here!Who else need a glass?Who else need a glass?I'll take that.I'll take that.Cass. You tryin'to get in on this or what?Pop it.Hey!I can't get enough of it.There it is!That's the hardest--Hey, don't worry about me.Don't worry about me.Y'all ready for this?- Ready. Ready!- Y'all ready for this?We're ready.Y'all ready?Ah, the cage won't come off!- All right, here we go.- All right, here we go.You might wanna watch out.Hey!- All right, here we go.- Let's do this.I'll get you some.Wow. Watch it.- I'll get you some.- Are you, uh...- What's up?- Kinda... kinda close...Sorry about that.I was just tryingto take your, uh, temp,- make sure you were cool.- No, no.- Doing my job.- Yeah, yeah. I get it.I was just doing my job.Of course. Just doing your job.- What part of town you live in?- What?- What part of town you live in?- What?I'm gonna go to the bathroom.What are you doing? Stop!What are you doing?Fuck!I thought...Yo, yo. Yo, Rock!Where did Free go?- Who?- The girl, the other girl.-Yo here.-Yo, I don't want that.Where'd she go?Who?Listen,all I'm saying is...fuck it and have fun.Hey, hey, hey. Yo, yo.Hey. Hey, hey!Yo, slow down, slow down!Is that what you do?I--Look, I wasn't tryingto hurt you.- You didn't hurt me.- You look hurt!You know what, you track...That's fine. That's fine.I'm getting ready to go anyways.Thank you for everything.We can't leave.You just got here!I have to go anyway, I have a flightto catch in the morning, so...You got a flight, all right.- A flight? A flight?- Yeah, I'm going back home.Oh. All right.So you're not from here? Okay.Yeah, all right. Whatever.I mean, what are you gonna do?What do you mean,what am I gonna do?What you gonna do, you just--It's LA, there's taxiseverywhere. I'll manage.So...does that mean you just go backto the lame-ass Midwest,that's where you from?You a Midwest girl?Oh. Says the 30-somethingyear-old promoterwho, what, is from Ohio,I guess?Yeah, the one who knowsall the girls.- So that's what... you goin' there with that?- Yeah.Girl, I run this town. You luckyI got your ass in the club.You were sittin' on the curb,I got you in the club.Fuck you![I tried, remember?You know what else?Fucking shit.Fuck...Shit.Talk to me that way.Bullshit, I fuckingtook care of her.Yeah!Oh, shit!Damn! Hey, hey!You gotta smile more, girl!Come on.Hey, let me get that number.- Hey, yo, yo!- Let me get that number!Yo, yo! Hey!Get your fucking hands off her!- Chill, chill.- Your pimp's here now?Who the fuck do youthink you are?!Who do you think you are?Go on, man.- What the fuck you--- Stop! Stop!- Get the fuck off me!- Hey, fuck you!Hey, stop!- Hey!- What the fuck!- Fuck off!- Stop!Show me your hands!Show me your hands!- This dude right here!- Ma'am, stand back.- Stand back!- No! It's not him!- Okay!- It's not him, though, it was them!- Why are you going after him?- Torres! Torres!Torres!The girl says the guys runningattacked her.Come on, man.Tell me what happened.Tell me what happened.Those guys came up to methey were trying to hit on me,they were getting, like,touchy-grabby, my boy came up,and he told them, like,to back up. The dude pushed him.So when he pushed him, like,the dude was aggressive first.- Let's go.- Come on, man.- Are you Cass?- No.Cass Film, that is you, bro!Either you or your twin!- Yo, what happened? You all right?- Yeah, what's up?Look, I go to USC.I got one more year left.And I promise you,your film was everything.You know they still show itthere, right?So, what's up?When the feature supposed todrop, man? We all waitin'!You look like a bright kid, man.Keep right, all right?- Oh, you keepin' it under wraps and shit, huh?- Yeah.- All right, man.- All right.- Stay in school.- Indeed!Hey.Hey.- What was that?- Nothing.- Yo!- I said nothing.No, I just-- I heard about,you did a film or something?- Can I see it?- No.- Why not?- I said, no!Look, I'm gonna go back in thereand tell Rock I'm out, OK?You can stay with him if you want,he'll take care of you, all right?I'm not-- No, come here,come here, come here.Hey.What?Come here.Come sit down.Let's just sit for a minute.Let's just sit down. Come on.Shit.Um...I'm sorry about before.What?I said, I'm sorry about before.You're sorry, what?I said, I'm sorry about before.In the bathroom.It's OK.Hey.It's OK.Yeah, you just pulled up rightin front of me.Where...?- Yeah, I'm here.- Where are you going?Anywhere but here.You walkin'?Let's go.How you all doing?Oh, man, OK.It's been a tough night.Thank you.For what?That was, uh...that was cute.- Cute?- Yeah.I'm a grown-ass man, woman.Does that meanyou can't be cute?Home to Detroit, Michigan,Milwaukee and Wisconsin.It could impede in whatthe polls are saying right now.Michigan and Wisconsinare so close.Um, just a really quick updateright now,we have Hillary with New Mexico,Virginia, Colorado, Oregon--These are allno surprises:Hawaii, California,Thank you for fighting for me.Thank you.You're welcome.The least I could do.We did not expect this raceto be this close,that is for sure.Brother, you needsome napkins?I have napkins up here.I'm fine.What happened?Ignorance.That's what happened.Let's just...We don't needto talk about it.I know all about that one.What you mean,you know about all that?What you know about all what?My dad is Arabic.I was raised Muslim, man.I deal with it every day.The Arabic part helps you out.Hmm! Does it?Trust me.Yeah, tell thatto my fam, bro.Yeah, you can't know what's itlike to wake up every...every day, over andover and over,they disrespect you just becauseof the color you were born in.I ain't disrespectin' you.I'm tellin' you.The Arabic side helps you out.Black man in America,you gotta wake up and act likethe shit didn't happen.So you can't know about it.Man, my mom's black.Try being a black man in Americaevery day, and then, uh..being put on a terrorist list.Your, uh, dad being stoppedfor no reason, and, uh,your cousins not beingable to come here.It's like beinga black man in America.This shit ain't OK.Shit ain't OK, man.No, the fuckin' shit ain't OK.Hey.Shit is not OK.It's fucked up.But you know what,it's different.It's different for you,it's different for him,it's different for me.It's fucked up.God.Especially now.It's fucking crazy.Donald Trumphas always had money.Do you think-- Listen,people who are voting for him--This is for the voters:he has always had money.He has never even knownanybody that is poor,that's middle-class,that's working class--You OK?I'm fine.I mean, not really,but I'm fine.Just tired as shit.Same old shit.Every city, same old shit.Yeah.- Yeah.- And he only cares nowbecause he wants your vote.And if he wins tonight,because of you, you're goingto find out very soonthat his interestsare not yours.Welcome to L.A.Shit. Welcome to America.Yeah, that too.Trump beganhis unlikely bidto the White Housein June 2015...What do you want?What?What do you want?Like, what do you really want?Uh...I mean, does it really matter,what I really want?It's not the movies, so...What?I mean, nobody ever getswhat they really want.Says who?Who told you that? Society?Nah, man, it's just there's...things that I know, and that'sone thing that I know.And I ask again,who told you that?Everybody.My mom, my sisters, my dad.I mean, literally everybody.Yeah, but you saidyou were grown.No. OK.I am grown.Let me put it this way.My mom... she had thingsthat she wanted to do.Things that shewas excited about.She had kidsand then,we came along andshe ain't get todo those things.So, how am I supposed to bejust completely irresponsibleand just go aftersomething that's crazy, like...Just...- Crazy?- How can you do that?Yes, crazy.OK, so what...What did you go after?I'm a lawyer.That's nice.You hate it, huh?That why you rockin'the short cropwith the blond hair at the top?- 'Cause you being rebellious?- Nah.Everybody needs a change.Even lawyers, huh?Even lawyers.What's that look?It's nothing.No, it's something.I mean, it's...It's like it's different.Like it changed.What's that look?I said it's fine.No, I'm saying it's different.Like, I'm, you know...I'm a film director, so I--OK, could you justleave it alone, please?I said it's fine.My bad.I make good money.I own a condo and I'm ableto take care of my mom,and she's the onewho supported all of us.I'm good. I...OK, so...You got money in the bank.That's dope.What do you mean by that?Like I said, it's dope.You still didn't answermy question, though.Yes, I did.No, you didn't. I asked youwhat you really want.And I said nobody ever getswhat they really want.That ain't my life.Oh.So, what? What, you wentafter the dream?You went after whatyou really wanted, so...- Yeah- I mean, what now?I'm going after mine.What you mean, "what now?"I'm going after mine.Are you?Yeah.What?Nothing.Hmm.What do you really want to be?I--Go ahead. I'm listening.Uh...At one point...I wanted to be a DJ.You made me laugh.- I made you laugh?- No, I mean, in a good way.That's cool.- Word. A DJ.- Like...No, seriously though, like...At all of my, like, little get-togetherswith my family and stuff,I like to pull outmy Bluetooth speaker,and like... I don't know.- Like what?- Just...- Like what?- Make people feel something.You know?Move them.Make them think.Or just have funfor a little while.Music does that for me.Film does that for me.Touché.Well...I don't know, you got...a playlist? Spotify?What?Come on, you're old-school.You got a mix-tape, right?What?- Nah, man.- Yo, Naqeeb!- That's your name, right?- Yeah.Um...We got a DJ back here.- Word?- Yo.- Yo!- She got a mix-tape.I do not have a mix-tape!Let me--Let me hear it!I know you got headphones inthat purse, too. Come on.Once a DJ, always a DJ.Let it rip.- Hold that.- OK.All right.These things don't usuallydo well with my ears.- Well...- I got little ears, but...- Do you?- Yeah, I do got little ears,but hopefully your musicis big.Oh, God...- OK.- All right. Let me know what you think.I'm in.- You're in?- I'm in.You go to the songyou want me to...Uh... That one.There we go.For real?For real?Yo!Lawyer?Whatever.Damn!What's your DJ name?What?I ain't got a DJ name.Yo, this is hot!Your mama knowyou're this good?Exactly.Yo.Hmm.- Yeah, this is it, man.- OK.That's good.That's dope.Yeah?What's up?What? You didn't like it?Nah, it's incredible.No, I mean, it wasincredible. Honestly.I just, you know...- My phone.- I real-- Yeah.- Right.- You got a whole life back home,and, look,this is borrowed time.OK... Look, I'm notwith him anymore.It's-- It's none ofmy business.Oh, so you're notseeing someone?Yeah, I'm seeing everyone.Oh, come on, man, don't belike that. I saw you earlier.I saw you on your phonewhen I was walking up,and you sounded likeyou were all in love.Yeah.What? Now you don't remember?Oh, OK.But it's funny when you do it.Rumi.Rumi is my son.He's five years old.Oh.Look, I understand that--No, I don't thinkyou do understand.You fought for methe first day we met.And he's only ever...fought me.And he's only fightingfor me now because I'm gone.Oh, my God, that view.Look at this.Ohh!So pretty.- It's so quiet up here, eh?- Yeah.Thank you.Hmm.Look up.Oh, my God.It's a full moon.Shit.Like a record.Yeah.Maybe it's a sign.Maybe it is a sign.Hmm.God likes music too.Oh, God loves music.Wait. Where are we?A friend's house.Find ourselves here a lot.After these kind of nights,you know?Mm-hmm.Let's go check it out.- Let's do it.- OK.Ah.Oh, thank you.This is it.Let's go in. Oh!Uh, anybody in here?- Hey, what's up, Cass?- You got it.What's good with it?- You all right?- All good, man.This is Free.How you doing?Nice to meet you too.Donald Trumpabsolutely needed it.He got it and now,as we talked about,he has many different waysto get to the 270 votes he needsto be the nextPresident of the United States.Clinton County had a surgeof Latino votersin the state of Florida.Looks like they actually did getan increase in Latino turnout,but it wasn't enough.In Wisconsinand, earlier in the night,Michigan was blue,and now they're undecidedand they're leaningtowards Trumpand so, that's a big upset,stating that,you know, Michigan...Uh... I didn't expectfor this to be so...Hey, guys.But, thing is, if he keepswinning this, mathematically,she can't beat this shit out!But she-- He can't win.I mean that-- I mean...Come on.But I mean, if they--Who didn't vote?Like, who sat at home andskipped out on this election?'Cause I voted.You're right. We all voted.If she loses Pennsylvania,it's a fucking wrap.Radio silence in Brooklynright now at Clinton's party.A place that was jubilantand excited just hours ago,now you can hear a pin drop.That is not a good signfor the Clinton camp.I can only imaginethe devastationgoing through Hillary Clinton'smind right now...We can leave if you want,you know.No, no, it's OK.- Sure?- Yeah.All right. I'm gonna go...make us a drink.- OK- All right.- Whiskey? Wine?- Wine. Something. Champagne.We just heardthe list of stateswhere Hillary Clintonwould have to winall those statesto have any chance...What's up?Good to see y'all, man.- What's up, man?- Got it.What's up, K?- Good to see you, my man.- You good?You know.- All right.- You know. I'm hanging in there.- Hello.- Hey.Thanks for inviting us.Of course!Wait, that ain't me.Russell invited y'all.You're not drinking?I had a little bit.Now, I'm havinga little bit more.That's a lot more.Some big news here.Huge news.The AP now projectingthat Donald Trump has wonthe state of Pennsylvania.This is a breaking announcement- from the Associated Press that cannot be underestimated.- It's over!This is 20 more electoral votesfor Donald Trump.All the pundits--This is breakingeveryone's expectation--Honestly, I never thought thatthat would happen...Hey. How've you been?Good to see you.I can't believe what'sgoing on right now.Crazy, right?I'm gonna start throwingparties out here and be done.This is crazy!It's fucking crazy!What is happeningis so crazy!We need to see this,though.Cass, what the fuckis your girl doing?- Wait, what's- Turn it back on!Wait, wait, wait.- Can you turn back on the TV?- Listen, listen, listen, like,I know we're allwatching this right now,I know we're all caught upin this right now,but I think like, we justneed to take a moment.We just need to feel good,like--It's the electionthough!This is fucking crazy.I know! I know!But we need a minute, y'all!We need a minute to feel good.We want to watch history...But we don't needto watch this history.We need to thinkabout our history.We need to think about life,we need to just...- feel good, y'all.- But I am thinking about--Hey, yo! Hold on.- Give her a second.- This is consuming us.Ma, go do your thing. Do yourthing. Play your-- Play your...Thank you.Yeah, I hate it. Hey Cass!Come get her, man!Hey, come on, man.Get out of here!Turn the TV back on.Grab her. Grab her.Dance with her.Just dance. Just da-- Hey!Hey! Just dance. Grab her.Whatever, I mean...The world is notdancing, man.- Might as well, you know?- I know. Hell. Yeah.Watch your drink.It is, but I mean, you know,it's not the endof the world, y'all.It isthe end of the world!Cass!It's good.It's good what you did.Hey, hey, hey.Really! Don't worry about it.You did good.You see,they're hugging each other.Yeah.They're dancing. Look.He's dancing.You good?All right.Sorry!- Sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry.- Hey, hey, hey.Don't worry about it.Come on. Let's go outside.Come on, let's go.Wait! Wait!You turn the thing off and nowyou're leaving with the music?We're goingupstairs for a bit.Hey! Hey! Hey!Love y'all.Turn the election back on!Hey, I'm sorry Cass!...those 20electoral votesget Trump to 264, six away--I like her haircut!Man...That was crazy.Yeah, it was crazy.Watch your step.We need that, man.- Yeah.- We need that.Hey.- I want to show you something.- Wait. Huh?Ugh!- Let me show you something.- Sorry, what were you saying?No, take that. Just take it.- No, take it, take it. It's OK.- I'm sorry.It's all right.Hello?What?Yo, yo, yo, yo.Look, it's--What are you talking about?Yeah, well, that was like...That was your whole thing.Like, that's your own problem,like...Yeah, but why are youstressing me out like this?It's so annoying, like...Seriously? Seriously? Now? Now?Now you're feeling bad? Like...Dude, what are youtalking about? Like...Why are you stressing me outfor nothing?Ugh! Are you serious?Like, really? Really?All right, well, I gotta go.I gotta go!Hey.So?Uh, man.I had a great time.I had a lot of fun tonight.Probably about that time, right?You gotta get going?- What?- You gotta--Wait, wait, what were youabout to show me?- Nah, it's nothing.- No, tell me.You got a flightto catch, right?Come on, man.What were you about to show me?It's nothing.Seriously?- Just show me, like...- No, it's nothing.What?Yo!All right, then we'll just give up'cause I can see that you already have.What'd you say to me?What about that scriptthat actress asked about?Your film thateverybody's waiting to see?It's all over you, like...You came out hereto do something.Are you just giving up?Says the lady who...You're not even trying tofollow your dream.Give me a break.What do you mean?What do I mean? You're nottrying to follow your dream.You're living all safe,you go back to your littlecomfy, boredom,basic... what,nine to five?You kidding me?Telling me I'm giving up?Fuck outta here.- Come on.- Oh. OK.So, now you know my life.- Yeah, I do.- You do? You know my life?- Really?- Yeah, yeah, 'cause I live here.The city of dreams, right?People be like,"Girl, let's go to LA!Let's go to New York!Let's go to Miami, but, whoa,let's not go too crazy, like,let's not get free."What you're trying to say?You're free?- Yeah.- Are you free?- Really?- Yeah.- Really?- Yeah, really.I'm getting mine, yeah.You think so?Mm-hmm, yeah,I see you getting yours.You know what's crazy to me?I think, um...I think you're safer than I am.I think the closest thatyou've come to feeling aliveis trying to fuck a girl namedFree in the club bathroom.So, yeah, I see you.I see you getting yours.I'm sorry.I saw that kid, earlier.I saw how he looked at you.He admired you.Hey.What do you really want?- What happened?- Nothing happened.Nothing happened, all right?Nothing. Nothing happened.Everything's alwaysfucking happening.I get tired offighting every day.I fight every day.That's my occupation.I fight every day.That's what happened.He really did a numberon you, huh?Hey.Oh, my God!He did not just win!He did not just win!Trump is fuckingpresident.Oh...Wow.Oh...Geez...I'll follow you.Shit.Hey, hey, y'all!Hey, hey, hey.Everybody knows whatit's like to fight.We've all fuckin'have fought before.Everybody knows whatit feels like to struggle.Uh, struggle to be loved,to love, to work,to be free.So, uh...we're still fighting, right?Tonight provesthat it's not different.So now we know we just gotmore work to do.That means you too, huh?What?That means you too.What you're saying is you gotmore work to do, too, right?Yeah, Ray.Real work that we all knowyou can do.- I said, "Yeah."- Yeah.- All right.- That means me, too.Handle your business, Cass.Let's go.Oh, man...Ohh...Doesn't look as brightas it was before.Yeah.Oh, well...Naqeeb...you're still here.Yeah, I got, uh...stuck listening to all of this.I would've beena danger on the road, so...I didn't drive.Understood.What is it, man?How could you not be,man?You guys leaving?You want some company?Yeah.Could use some of that.So how about I order itand then you--No, man. I got you.Nah, it's cool. I can--Nah.Where you all goin'?Hop in.Goin' to Mel's.- I got you.- All right.Thank you.Of course.- You said "Mel's", right?- Yeah.Donald Trump,after the election's,president-electof the United States.And then Clinton headquartersin New York Citystand on baited breathwaiting for the final word,that there maystill be a chance,but all they get insteadis a simple statementfrom Chairman John Podesta,saying, "We're not going to haveanything to say tonight.Get some sleep.We're so proud of you--"Naqeeb, you can turn the heatdown a little bit.Of course."She's not done yet."I'm at a loss for words.I digress,I go to my listeners.Caller one?It's kinda funny saying "Turnthe heat down in Los Angeles."He's wavingto the public.There's no question--It's kind of a cold night,though.Understand....misogyny, homophobia,the bigotry...This is what we've seenin real timeand through historywith this guy,when he was kicking black peopleout of their homes in New York,when he was piling upthe sexual assault casesfrom these young women,a lot of them are probably stillscared to say anything.But what's deeper than that,Tim, what's deeper than that,what I'm worried about is what'shappening to our country.What's happening to the people,to the children,because of a guy like that...Say what you willabout Obama,but he won by peoplecoming togetherand believingin something bigger.I remember that dayand I know you do, too.Trump? Trump will not heal.It was his appeal.And now,this country's more dividedthan I've ever seen in my life.My job...we represent bad people.There's too manybad people winning....just lyingand hateful and violent--Too many bad people winning.And I'm afraid.Can't say it better.Sums it up.God.Dig even deeperthan that and what do we have?We have, what, the-the massacreof our-our Native...Native American Indians?Dig deeper.What about slavery?And the confiscationof our native peoples' land?He madeAmerica hate again.This country is called "theUnited States," for a reason.Think about that.The first name in our countryis "United".And, I'm sorry,we're more divided than ever.And I don't knowwhat's gonna change it.That's all I gotta say.Thank you.Oh, my goodness.Rob, I'm happy to knowthere are people like youout there in the world.That this is what makesAmerica great.You OK?I will be.Trump promisedto build a separate wallbetween the southern borderand Mexico.Bringing backmanufacturing jobs--Feel bad for the childrenthat have to...Say the first presidentwas this guy.What are you thinking?Was thinking howI named my son after...my favorite poet.Or how excited I was to, um--when he was old enoughto understand it.Yeah, Rumi was one of ourgreat writers.I was thinking howthere would be nothing betterright now than for my kidto write a poem, so...Oh, man...I always tell himthat he's smart,he's strong and he's loving.If he's anything like,you, then he is.It's nice to meet you.It's nice to meet you, too.You know what, Free?It's safe to sayI'm starting to rememberwhy I moved out here.Why?So the good peoplecan win for once.The good peoplecan win for one.Amen.Naqeeb, you want anything?Nah, I'm good, man.Thank you.God bless you.As-Salaam-Alaikum.Wa-Alaikum-Salaam.Is this...?Wait, wait, wait, wait.Wow...Wow.- What are you thinking?- I mean...I need to see this.- Like, I need to see that.- But it's not--The full-length versionof that!- It's a rough-- Gotta edit it--- No. No! No, seriously.Like, you need to send that.Send the script.It's just--It's not finished--Send the script to the actressfrom the club.Just send it to her.Send it as is.Go for it. Like...Like... do you understandhow important this is now?And how important art is?This is everything,this is our voice,this is who we are.This is all we have left.This is important, man, like...Just let me clean it up first.No, man.You need to send that.You need to send that.Like, you need to send that!Seriously.This is everything.- Yeah?- Whoa.Oh, with everythingthat's going on,the fucking shitwe're dealing with, like...we got nothing else.We got our voice.We got what we putinto the world.We got purpose, we got...We can inspire.It can really change things.- You really think so?- I really do.I really, really--I really do.- You're not bullshitting me?- No.All right.You send that,get this thing going,and I'll, um...I'll cancel my flight.I'll stay.- No, for real, like, I'll--- You wouldn't do that.--cancel my flight. I'll quitmy fucking job and stay.You crazy.You're for real.Send it.My flight is right here.Send it.Send it.One...two...three.