                   A Bridge Too Far (1977) - full transcript                    

foodval.com - stop by if you're interested in the nutritional composition of food  --- 
            FEMALE NARRATOR:It's hard to remember now,but Europe was like this in 1 944.The Second World War was in its fifth yearand still going Hitler's way.German troops controlled most of Europe.D-day changed all that.D-day, June 6th, 1 944.When the allied forces,under their commander,General Eisenhower,landed on the northern coast of France.By July, they were ableto begin their own offensive.By August, Paris was liberated.



Everywhere the Germans retreated.But with the allied victoriescame problems.Supplies still had to bedriven from Normandy,over 400 miles away,and became dangerously short.The allied advance beganto come to a halt.Another problem facingEisenhower was this.His two most famous generals,Patton, who was in the south,and Montgomery in the north,disliked each other intensely.Their long-standing rivalryhad never been more fierce.There simply were not enoughsupplies for both armies.Each wanted to be the oneto defeat the Germans.Each wanted to beat the other to Berlin.



In September 1 944,Montgomery deviseda new and spectacular plangiven the code name Market Garden.Eisenhower,under great pressure from his superiors,finally sided with Montgomery,and operation Market Gardenbecame a reality.The plan,like so many plansin so many wars before it,was meant to end the fightingby Christmasand bring the boys back home.(SPEAKlNG DUTCH)Shh !(lN DUTCH)-Can l look out?-No, they might shoot us.The Germans have collapsed.(ENGlNES HUMMlNG)Then the war is over?Soon.But what is that noise?Panic.(lN GERMAN)You may begin.May l first be permitted to say,and l think l speak for all of us. . .how pleased we are,Field Marshal Von Rundstedt. . .that you have been reappointedcommander of our forces in the West.Speeches arefor victory celebrations.Let's get to the point.Air power?Air power, Field Marshal?Briefly, please.-Air power is minimal.-Ammunition?Also minimal.Tanks. . .troops. . .replacements?-Minimal.-Morale?(FOOTSTEPS MARCHlNG)(SlGHlNG)Nonexistent.What do you think we should do?End the war, you fools.-Why in the world are you laughing?-Excuse us.We havesuch confidence in you.Everyone knowsyou never lost a battle.l'm still young.Give me time.The first thing we must do. . .is to turn this rabbleinto something like an army.Anything at all on whenthey plan to invade Holland?They seem to havepaused in Belgium.Most likely supply problems.Otherwise we can't imagine why.l think it's becausewe're retreating. . .faster than they can advance.(PEOPLE LAUGHlNG)(SHOUTlNG lN GERMAN)(lN DUTCH)How many vehiclesin the past hour?Fifty-four.And for the same hour yesterday?Ninety-eight.Last week your mother and lcould have captured Holland alone.Already the panic has stopped.lt isn't over yet,and those idiots don't realize it.-War takes time.-Listen to the expert.l was nine when they got here.Next month l'll be 1 4.l ought to know something.(MAN SHOUTlNG lN GERMAN)Father, the Allies will come.But when?l've just got back to England from Brusselswhere l had a meeting this morningwith Field Marshal Montgomery.There was an earlier onewith General Eisenhower.They both feel, as l do,that when the Field Marshal'splan has succeeded,we shall be able toend the war by Christmas,in less than 1 00 days.Actually, the plan's really very simple.We're going to fly 35,000 men 300 milesand drop them behind enemy lines.lt'll be the largestairborne operation ever mounted.(CHUCKLES) Quite frankly,this kind of thing'snever been attempted before.Just where is this all gonna take place?Holland.And when?l'm coming to that now.Right.The ground forces.XXX Corps, commandedby General Horrocks, 20,000 vehicles.And this, as you know,is the German frontline there.Now, we're going to laya carpet, as it were,of airborne troopsover which XXX Corps can pass.We shall seize the bridges,it's all a question of bridges,with thunderclap surpriseand hold them until they can be secured.Now, first of all,General Maxwell Taylor, Eindhoven.You take and hold the bridges therewith the 1 01 st.General Gavin,with your 82nd, you get Nijmegen.BROWNlNG: You'll takeand hold the bridges.And, Roy, you get the prize, Arnhem,Arnhem bridge,and you hold it.For how long?Well, Monty assures me that XXX Corpswill do the 63 miles in two days.GAVlN: 63 miles in two days.TAYLOR: Yeah. They ought tobe able to handle that.Oh, l'm sorry. General Sosabowski.You go withyour Polish brigade with Roy Urquhart.l'm so sorry.Roy,when you've secured your bridgeand XXX Corps have got across it,we can turn east,right into the industrial heart of Germany,the Ruhr.Once we control their factories,there's not very muchthey can do about it.And that is the plan.And we go next Sunday.Seven days?Why not?The sooner we go, the better.We've got them on the run.ls something troubling you,General Sosabowski?-l've said nothing.-Precisely.Your silences are thunderous.General Browning, l. . .l am a Pole,considered by some to be smart.lf that is so,it makes me memberof a true minority group.Minority groups aremore comfortable in silence.Oh, really?l should have thought the oppositewas true. But you do disapprove.l am thrilled that your greatField Marshal Montgomeryhas devised such a plan.And l promise you,l will be properly ecstatic if it works.-When it works.-Of course.-When it works.-Thank you.Well, now let's get down to the details.Firstly, of course,we should have to have a high level...(lN GERMAN)From which direction will theirattack come, and who will command?Montgomery or Patton?-Model, what do you think?-Patton.He is their best.Patton will lead the assault.l would prefer Montgomery. . .but even Eisenhowerisn't that stupid.Bittrich's Panzer troopsneed some rest. . .if they're to stop Patton.We should pull them backsomewhere safe.Safe, quiet, out of the way.But where?Arnhem?Arnhem.-l'll be in touch.-That'll be fine.General, be safe.HARRY: Why the emergency meeting?Just keeping me abreastof the little changes.How big are the little changes?l'll answer with typicalBritish understatement. Gigantic.For example, they can'tget us all in at once.Too many men, too much equipment,not enough planes.lt's going to takethree days to get the men into Arnhem,Poles and the British.How about us?We'll be all right. Aside from the factthat we're parachuting in daylight,we have nothing to worry about.Daylight? Has it ever been tried before?Not in a major drop.You think there might bea reason for that?Let's hope not.What do you think?lt'll be all right. lt's a no-moon periodanyway. We have to go in daylight.lt doesn't matter.Just so they get us over the target area.Half a mile away,three quarters of a mile, l'll settle for that.l don't want to hear anything else.ls there anything else?Well, you're my Dutch adviser, Harry.l forgot to tell you something?Only that the Germans first tried to takeNijmegen Bridge themselvesback in 1 940 and got slaughtered.(SENTRY lN DUTCH)Go back!Do as l say!But my friend lives down the road.lt's my birthdayand she has a present for me.Please let me through.All right. Be quick.Are your sure about the colors?l'm sure, Father.Believe me.Model?A field marshal in Arnhem? Why?The British will have an explanation.Did you pass onthe message about the tanks?Of course. But Model issomething more important.You're a good boyand a wonderful spy.Now go and helpyour mother with supper.Sir?Yes, Fuller?-We've got some information on tanks, sir.-What?Dutch underground reportsfrom the Arnhem area.Established their strength?-No, sir, but l've got some men in. . .-Have they been identified?Not by our intelligence.So it's the same rumors as before, right?-l believe these rumors, sir.-Why?The general consensusof opinion is that our oppositionwill consist entirelyof Hitler Youth or old men on bicycles.l don't really know why, sir.Perhaps because no onein intelligence does.l just want to be sureour airborne carpet consists of live troops,not dead ones.l know everybody thinksl'm overanxious, sir,but l would like to order anotherlow-level reconnaissance of the area.(STAMMERlNG)lf that's all right with you, sir.Very well.-All right, Wilson.-Sir.Very well.-Oh, Fuller. Fuller.-Yeah. Sir?l wouldn't be too concerned aboutwhat people think of you.You happen to be somewhatbrighter than most of us.Tends to make us nervous.Naturally we'll do our utmostto meet your tactical requirements, sir,but please keep in mindthe one factor which iscrippling all our plans.lt may seem improbable to you,but we are desperately shortof transport aircraft.l am aware of that.ln fact, l'm surprisedthat nobody mentioned it to Montywhen he dreamed up this operation.l need drop zonesas close as possible to the bridge.Now clearly this area's no use at all.Can't have my chapslanding on the top of chimneys, but. . .Now this looks inviting here.-ROY: What's the terrain like?-Sorry, sir.All our reports indicate that thisterrain here is too soft for glider landings.You see the nose digs infirst on touchdown,the whole thing goes ass over tip.Total write-off.All right.-What about there?-No. l'm afraid not, sir.You see, after the drop,when we bank for our return,we run into a whole lotof flak and rubbish from this Jerry air fieldup here at Deelen.Presumably you're intendingto let us land somewhere.Oh, yes, hopefully, sir,but, as l was saying,we cannot afford to lose a single aircraft.That is the problem.My problem isl don't just need drop zones.l need drop zones l can hold and defend.The rest of my divisionarrives with the second dropand General Sosabowski'sPolish brigade with the third.l understand, sir.But we really thinkwe found the right place.lt's large enoughfor your needs, it's flat and firm,and also easily defended.Well, where the hell is it?Well, it's not actuallyon this photograph, but,it should be. . . Excuse me, sir.lt would be, about here, l think.That could be 1 0 miles from the bridge.No, just under eight, actually, sir.lf you'd like to have a look at this.You see, the terrain is easy to traverse.All our information substantiates that. . .Yes, sir?Just making sure whose side you're on.Now a drop zone eight milesfrom Arnhem Bridgemight be thought by someto present problems.(WHlSPERlNG) My God. He can't mean it.l'm afraid he does.He must know what he's doing.That's more than l know.Why should he havethe corner of the market?. . .cannot underany stretch of the imaginationbe considered ideal,but the gliders will be bringing ina reconnaissance squadron of jeepsspecially fitted withtwin Vickers machine guns.Now the instant we land,they will race aheadto the bridge and hold ituntil the other battalions arrive on foot.And they'll be quick enough to secureboth ends of Arnhem Bridge?Most certainly.Good, good.Now if you all know where l shall be.My headquarters will bein the center with 82nd.Now just you rememberthat we're all totally interlocked.This is a bottom to top operation.1 01 st pass XXX Corps on to 82nd.82nd pass them on to British Airborne.lf any one group fails,it's total failure for us all.All we need noware three days of clear skies.Thank you, gentlemen, very much.Only the weather can stop us now.Weather!(EXCLAlMlNG lN POLlSH)General Browning, what of the Germans?Don't you think that since we know thatArnhem is so crucial to their safety,they might know that, too?BROWNlNG: Now, look here.The few troopsin the area are second class.They're not frontline caliber,not at all.Do you understand?l think you ought tohave a little more faithin Montgomery'sintelligence reports, you know.He's done pretty wellfor us in last three or four years.l will tell you the extent of my faith.l am thinking of askingfor a letter from youstating that l was forcedto act under your ordersin case my men are massacred.l see.Yes, l do see.Do you wish such a letter?No.No, of course not.ln the case of massacre,what difference would it make?-You mean you don't believe me, sir?-STEELE: Well, clearly not.All right, boys.NAAFl's up. Take your break.God almighty.Sorry about that, sir.But what, then?l just don't believethese damn radios are strong enoughto carry the eight milesfrom the drop zone to Arnhem Bridge.Don't happen to haveany cigarettes, do you, sir?-No.-They're perfectly okay.l've used themGod knows how many times.You've already told me thatGod knows how many times.Well, l didn't haveany problems with them in the desert.Yes, l know.You see, Cole, what bothers me,what genuinely and trulyhas me more than a bit disturbed,is that Holland being half under water,is somewhat soggierthan most deserts you're apt to find.Tends to have a lot more trees.-Any biscuits?-Your biscuits are in your tin, sir.Shouldn't you tell the General if you'reso certain about it, sir?lf l were, believe me, l would.What if they really don't work?Well, what difference will it make?The General will beon the bridge himself by nightfall.He won't have to make contactwith the bridgeif he's on it.Will he, sir?Well,if anyone rocks the boat,it's not gonna be me.The regular projector chap's at lunch, sir.l'll have it in a moment.You're doing splendidly, Fuller.Don't worry. l don't eat lunch.FULLER: Damn !Nearly there, sir.lt's really worth your time, sir, believe me.There.Splendid view of the Dutch countryside.Can't see any tanks.Wait a moment, sir.lt's a lot clearer in the next picture.lf l can just. . .Now.Next.Yes, sir. l've had this one enlarged.(WHlSTLlNG)Yes. l. . .l shouldn't worry about them.But, sir, you see that they are tanks.l doubt if they're fully serviceable.-Still got guns.-So have we.Sir, if they weren't serviceable,why would they try to conceal them?Normal routine, Fuller.But, sir, we keep getting reportsfrom the Dutch underground.l've read themand so has Field Marshal Montgomery.Now look here,there have been thousands of photographsfrom this sortie and from all the others.How many of them have shown tanks?Just these, sir.And you seriously considerasking us to cancelthe biggest operationmounted since D-daybecause of three photographs?No, sir.Sixteen consecutive dropshave been canceled in the last few monthsfor one reason or another.But this time, the party's onand no one is going to call it off.ls that fully understood?Yes, sir.Thank you, Waddy.HORROCKS: Thank you, gentlemen !Do sit down, gentlemen. Please sit down.Look after these for me.(ALL APPLAUDlNG)Thank you, gentlemen. Thank you.Gentlemen,this is a storythat you will tell your grandchildrenand mightily bored they'll be.(ALL LAUGHlNG)The plan is calledoperation Market Garden.Market is the airborne elementand Garden, the ground forces. That's us.Now, this is our positionon the Belgium border here.Tomorrow, three airbornedivisions will begin landing in Holland.(ALL MURMURlNG)35,000 men taking off from 24 airfieldsin troop-carrying planesor towed-in gliders.The American 1 01 st here,around Eindhoven.The American 82nd here,south of Nijmegen.And our own 1 st airborne boysand a Polish brigade here, at Arnhem,64 miles behind enemy lines.Now, their job is to take and holdall the bridges in these three areas.Our job is to punch a holethrough the German frontline here,and then drive like hell up this road,linking up with eachairborne division on the way.Speed is the vital factor.The plan is toreach Eindhoven in two to three hours,and Arnhem in two to three days.That, gentlemen, is the prize.The bridge over the Rhine,the last bridge between us and Germany.Kickoff will be at 1 435 hourstomorrow afternoon.The lrish guards,under the command of Colonel Vandeleur,will take the lead.Christ, not us again.What do you say to that, J.O. E.?Oh, delighted, sir. Truly delighted.l've selected you to lead usnot only because ofyour extraordinary fighting ability,but also becausein the unlikely eventthat the Germans ever get you,they will assume from your attirethat they've captured a wretched peasantand immediately send you on your way.Now, maintaining the speedof our advancewill no doubt be tough goingas it's a single highway,but no matter what,we must reach those 1 st airborne boysin 48 hours.Now, gentlemen,l'm not saying that this will be the easiestparty that we've ever attended,but l still wouldn't miss it for the world.l like to think of thisas one of those American western films.The paratroops,lacking substantial equipment,always short of food,these are the besieged homesteaders.The Germans, well, naturally,they're the bad guys.And XXX Corps,we, my friends, are the cavalryon the way to the rescue!(WHlSTLlNG)Oh, do you want me topack that as well, sir?Ah, no, thank you, Wicks, l'll carry it.Sir.You haven't forgottenmy golf clubs, have you?Well, they'll be coming laterin the staff car, sir.And, what about. . .(DOOR SLAMMlNG)Sorry, sir.What about my dinner jacket?Are you sure you'll be needing that, sir?Well, let's hope so.EDDlE: Why don't you quit that?Chock-full of vitamins.Here, Eddie, have a little strength.Hey, where'd you put that?Oh, damn it, Eddie, give it back.All right.There you are.l wish you hadn't done that.See, my problem is l'm not totally crazyabout the prospect of dying.So don't die.Drinking that garbage isn'tgonna keep you alive, is it?Well, what is?What is? Well,not getting shot.What can guarantee that?Nothing.For sure.You will.l will, what?You tell me, Eddie.You tell me l won't die.All right, you won't die.No, no. Guarantee me.l want you to guarantee me l won't die.l guarantee you.Come on.Let's get some food in you.-Come on.-l wasn't kidding.Hey, Eddie!Were you kidding?SlMS: Major Fuller.My name is Sims.Mind a bit of company?Of course not, sir.Busy times.You must be exhausted.Are you exhausted?Who isn't?Well, we've been getting reports froma number of your friends.They're worried about you.They think perhaps you need a rest.We all need rest.Why are you saying this to me?ls it because l rocked the boat?l'm a doctor.l'm only concerned with your health.l think perhapsyou ought to take a bit of sick leave.But why?l'm not ill or anything.l haven't done anything wrong.Of course not.You're just a little tired.Yes.l am tired.l think, perhaps, we might go.Can't it be stopped?No.l don't want to be left behind.Please.lt's out of my hands, laddie.l didn't want to miss the party.Come on. Move it, buddy.That's the way.Come on, move yourselves! Move!Come on, get up there. Move on down.Home, sweet home.Yes, when you thinkwe only had seven days-to get everything organized, it's quite a. . .-Bloody miracle.lt took six monthsto set up the D-day drop.That was only half as big as this.How do you feel?Fine. l'll feel even betterwhen we're in Holland.Do you remember a few months backwhen l was first appointedto this command?l told you l had never jumped but thoughtl ought to give it a go.Mmm-hmm.Well, you did me a big favor.Oh, really? What?You said, "Roy, you're far too old"for that kind of thingand much too large."(CHUCKLES) Did l?What was the favor?Well, l didn't quitetell you everything at the time(EXCLAlMS)but l'm prone to airsickness.Good gracious!What, every flight?Well, we'll soon find out, won't we?(AlRPLANE ENGlNE HUMMlNG)OFFlCER: All right,get that goddamn fleet out of here!(SlNGlNG) Who would true valor seeLet him come hitherOne here will constant beCome wind, come weather(AlRPLANES HUMMlNG)There's no discouragement(AlRPLANE ENGlNES WHlRRlNG)His first avowed intentTo be a pilgrimGAVlN: Soon be home, Harry.Better than the desert, eh, sir?What was that?Easier than walking, sir.lf you say so, Hancock.Yeah. Fine, sir.HORROCKS: And the artillery shouldbe able to clear the way pretty well.Your initial advance.Yes, we'll move offas soon as their barrage has got going.Yes, that's absolutely fine. Fine.Just follow behind it as close as we can.But you know J.O. E. ,this isn't gonna be the pushoverthat everybody seems to thinks it is.No, l didn't think so.Morning, Alan.Your sleeping beauties knowthere's a war on, do they?Absolutely, sir.ls it true that the Germans have put moretroops into the line ahead of us?Yes, they obviously don'tintend to just let us walk in the front door.Hello, Bob, hope that's not my funeralthey're going to!And l'm still desperately worried abouthaving to throw everything up this road,but there's no alternative.-Morning, Tom !-Good morning, sir.So l've decided to runthe road like a railway.Nobody, repeat, nobody willbe allowed to put any vehicleon that road without my permission.lncluding me?-OFFlCER: Good luck to you, sir!-You, too!Especially you, J.O. E.-Morning, Derek!-Morning, sir.Glad to seesomebody knows where we're going !(HORROCKS LAUGHlNG)Time, J.O. E. , that's the killer.We can't afford to drop behind schedule.So, for God's sake,keep your tanks on the move.Good God almighty!That's just the 1 01 st.The other two groupsare on the northern route.H-Hour in 90 minutes.-l'd better be going, sir.-Right you are, J.O. E.Any last minute changes, Bob?Yes, sir. lf the advance runs into difficulty,we're to call in the air forcewith purple smoke.First class and good luck, J.O. E. !Thank you, sir.Do you think you'll be able to manage it?l've got nothing else plannedfor this afternoon.(HORROCKS LAUGHlNG)l told you,you should've had the bloody thing out.(CLUCKlNG)What the hell's that?lt's flak.(lN GERMAN)General Bittrich !l'm in here, Matthias.Fantastic, isn't it?Just once to havesuch power in my hands.Red on.lf there's no more oppositionthan this on the river road,we shall be all right.SOLDlER 1 : Where the helldo you think you're going?SOLDlER 2: "A" company over here!"B" company to me!"A" company over there!Hurry up.(KNOCK ON DOOR)(lN GERMAN)Excuse the interruption,Field Marshall, but. . .British paratroopershave landed. . .three kilometers from here.Why should they do that?There is nothing important here.Me! l am important.They must all be comingjust to capture me.Call my chauffeur and car.Evacuate the headquarters.And don't forget my cigars.Oh, my God !OFFlCER 1 : General !You all right?Yeah.OFFlCER 2: Okay, you guys,come on, gather your stuff,and move, move, move!OFFlCER 3: "C" company,form by the yellow smoke!This is it, Jim.Okay, sir.You okay?Right. Let's go.(lN GERMAN)Then keep trying.There must be someone there!My apologies.l can get no sense from anybody.They say thousands of troopsare dropping all over Holland.-Yes, west of Arnhem.-Right on top of Field Marshal Model.l can't get throughto his headquarters.A strong force has landedsouth of Nijmegen.(PHONE RlNGlNG)Nijmegen?They're after the bridge.(REPLYlNG lN GERMAN)That doesn't matter.Perhaps they've landedin the Field Marshal's soup.Yes, you'd like that,wouldn't you? Now listen.l'll take care of Arnhem.You get to Nijmegenas fast as you can.Take anything that'll move. . .every man that can walk,and hold the bridge.(REPLYlNG lN GERMAN)No! Field Marshal Model !Nothing must cross it.ls that clear?You must hold that bridgeunder any circumstance.-Understood?-Clear.Ryan and Rossi, come with me.Cover the right flank.How far away is headquarters?HARRY: Half a mile, maybe more.(MACHlNE GUN FlRlNG)Brigadier Lathbury's just left, sir.Johnny Frost and the second battalion arealready on the river road.Good.Thank you, Baker.Any news of Freddie Gough'sjeep squadron?Well, it's unconfirmed. . .lt's rather bad luck, sir,considering how few gliderswe lost on the way in.Well, it appears thata lot of the special jeeps failed to arriveand those that did have beenbadly shot up in an ambush.So no one's going toget to Arnhem Bridge except on foot.Splendid.(PEOPLE LAUGHlNG)They must be from the lunatic asylum, sir.lt's located on the far side of the wood.They escaped whenit was bombed this morning.Do you think they knowsomething we don't?All guns commence firing !Get moving. Get moving.Driver, advance!(SCREAMlNG)Message received. Thank you. Out.(MAN SHOUTlNG lN GERMAN)(MEN CHATTERlNG lN GERMAN)(OFFlCER SHOUTlNG lN GERMAN)Start the purple!VANDELEUR: Take cover!(MAN SHOUTlNG lN GERMAN)Fire!(MEN SHOUTlNG lN GERMAN)Come on, get the wounded down the line!Get that wreck off the road !J.O. E. , how the hell. . .How the hell do they expect usto keep to schedule on a road like this?You don't know the worst.This bit we're on now. . .Yes?lt's the wide part.STEELE: Peter, General's coming in.How's it going now?Not too well, sir.We haven't been able to make contactwith General Browning,XXX Corps, or England.So no one knows we've arrived safely?Not as far as we know, sir.What about those VHF sets?Well, sir,it appears the sets have been deliveredwith the wrong crystals.So they're quite useless?Yes, sir. l'm afraid they are.Are Brigadier Lathburyand Colonel Frost aware of what happenedto the special jeep squadron?Not as far as we know, sir.At the moment we're unable to contactany of the units moving into Arnhem.Not a very satisfactorystate of affairs, Steele.No, sir.We can't quite understand it, sir.lt's perfectly good equipment.-Then for God's sake, get it sorted out.-Yes, sir.Before we havea bloody disaster on our hands.Sir.Hancock, l've got lunaticslaughing at me from the woods.My original plan has been scupperednow that the jeeps haven't arrived.My communications havecompletely broken down.Do you really believe that any of thatcan be helped by a cup of tea?Couldn't hurt, sir.(lN GERMAN)Forgive me for returning,Field Marshal.l must press for permission. . .if it becomes necessary. . .to blow up the bridgesat Arnhem and Nijmegen.This is out of the question.Never. ls that clear?We need themfor our counterattack.Counterattack?With what?Paratroopers cannot fight long.They are too lightly equipped.lsolated, they are lost.l have spoken to Von Rundstedt.All reinforcements come to us first.Every hour we get strongerand they grow weaker.-But if we blow the bridges---They don't want the bridges.Do you really thinkif they wanted the bridges. . .they would have landed1 2 kilometers away?lt's ridiculous.Thank you for the tea.Well, our lightning-likeassault on Arnhem Bridgeis certainly a smashing success.FROST: l've an aversion to apples.l'm so sorry.l'm sure the Germanswill be thunderstruck with surprise.OLD MAN: Are there many of you?Yes, there are thousands of us.-Thank you for coming.-Thank you.Thank you. Thank you. . .Now, look here, this isn'ta victory parade, you know?Oh, come on, sir. Enjoy the moment.l will enjoy the momentwhen we reach the bridgeand when we find the bridge intact.lt will be.Things couldn't be going better.Nothing's wrong.Yes, l know.That's exactly what is wrong, Harry.Jesus Christ.Stay down !Shit.Still no contact, sir.Then keep at it. l shall be back shortly.Brigadier Lathburycan't have gone that far. All right, Brown.l'm sure we'll have them fixedby the time you get back, sir.Can you get a message downto XXX corps on that dingus?Yes, sir, Colonel.We just got word from the 82nd up ahead.They capturedthe Grave Bridge completely intact.Oh, that's terrific,except XXX Corps ain't about to reachthe goddamn intact Grave Bridgeuntil the goddamn Son Bridge gets fixed !Tell our British cousinsto hustle up some Bailey stuff.Yes, sir.l'll meet them in Eindhovenwhen they get there.Tell those schmucks to do this rightand have their Bailey stuffat the front of their column. Got that?Yes, sir.And be sure to say "please."Yes, sir.J.O. E. , l make it just undersix miles to Eindhoven.We won't make it tonight.lt'll be dark shortly.Well, l hope to God the 1 01 st'sgonna hang on till tomorrow.Giles, remember what the general said,"We're the cavalry."lt would be bad formto arrive in advance of schedule.ln the nick of time would do nicely.(lN GERMAN)These plans should havebeen left in England.They're top secret.And now we have all we need--units, defense plans, objectives. . .and the schedule for further drops.l have prepared Nijmegen Bridgefor demolition. . .if l blow it up tonight.This Operation Market Gardenmust fail.Why do all my generalswant to destroy my bridges?Come, Ludwig.We'll have dinner.Dinner?But what about these plans?These plans? They are false.Just a trick.We were supposed to find them.White wine or red?RADlO OPERATOR: Dog, charlie, fox. . .We're, still getting nothing fromColonel Frost's battalionon the river road, sir.Thank you, Cole.Dog, charlie, fox. Dog, charlie, fox. Over.Let's hope Johnny's meetingless resistance than we are.Gerald, we've got tobreak through to the bridge.But we're completely blocked ahead of us.There's a good deal more resistance thanwe've been led to expect.l must see for myself how he's doing.All right, Cole. What is their strength?Well, l can't estimate yet.Some Dutch underground peoplewere here earliertrying to explain the situation,but l'm just not sure how much they know.Get back that gun over here!-What about Brown?-They've both had it, sir.Christ almighty!They've got round behind us.l think it might be saferif you spent the night with us, sir.Gerald, l've got to get back to HQ.Yes, but alive, sir.Look, if we can reach them, there aresome houses over in that direction.We can get ourselves organizedand try and find outwhat the hell's happening.OFFlCER: Pull out. Pull out!Right.Sergeant Major.(DOORBELL RlNGlNG)You know something'sjust occurred to me.What's that, sir?We're wearing the wrong camouflage.lt's all very well for the country,but l doubt very much if it's gonnafool anyone in the towns.Come on. Come on.(DOORBELL RlNGlNG)Look here, l'm awfully sorry,but l'm afraid we're going to have tooccupy your house.Yeah.All right, chaps. We're in here.Come on.-Dick.-Yes, sir?Now take your men.Occupy that house across the road.Make sure you cancover the bridge from your side.Right, sir. Sergeant, follow me.RADlO OPERATOR: Dog, charlie, fox, hello,dog, charlie, fox.(GLASS SMASHlNG)OFFlCER: Take your menup to the next floor.Rip down those curtains.Pile all this furnitureagainst the window. All right?Dog, charlie, fox. Hello, dog, charlie, fox.We've reached our objective.What is your position? Over.There's nothing, sir.l can't contact brigade at all, sir.Tried the other battalions?Any luck?Keep trying.Hello, dog, charlie, fox.(SPEAKlNG DUTCH)Shall we have a go at the far end now, sir?"Having a go" is hardlytextbook terminology, Harry.But you'll let us try, sir?CARLYLE: All down ! Take cover!Cover fire! Quick!Smoke!All right, come on, lads!(MEN SCREAMlNG)Go!Come on ! Come on !Keep going !Hurry! Hurry!Fall back!(GROANlNG)Are you all right?Yes, sir, l'm fine.Well, we'll deal with them later,when it gets dark.-Made it so far, Doddsie, eh?-Aye.Hey, Corp. ,you better hit that slit first time.Hey, Corp. ,l said you'd better hitthat slit first time, or we. . .l heard you, boyo.Oh, great.After you, corp.Come on, let's get on with it.Now.Now we're in trouble!You bloody missed it!Well, you knocked my arm,you clumsy bastard.Now we'll never get out of here.We've hit an ammunition dump!Bloody ammo dump! Shit!(lN GERMAN)Fool's courage.She says you're much too noisy.She does realize that there is somethingof a war going on, doesn't she?She has never liked noise.She hates it, hates it.Colonel Frost, they're coming, sir.Oh, excuse me.Many of them?Can't tell, sir.Can only hear them at the moment.Hold your fire!(lN GERMAN)Fire!FROST: Commands.Wait for the commands.. . .go after that man.Open fire! Fire!Fire!(SPEAKlNG GERMAN)(SCREAMlNG)Jesus!FROST: Cease firing !Cease firing !Sorry, mum.Whitney,try and rustle upsome more bandages, will you?All right, lad. You'll be all right.l'm going to check upwith Cornish. See you later.-Get him patched up, will you, Doc?-Right.l'm terribly sorry about all this, you know.-Wicks.-Sir.Right. Off you go.Get that bloody stretcher inside!All right, here we go.-Good morning, sir.-Morning.-Mr. Cornish is straight through there.-Right, thank you.Hello, Dick.-Hello, sir.-lt's all right. Sit down. All right?-Fine, sir, it's only a flesh wound.-Oh, good.How are things?-Not too bad, sir.-Good.Well, what is bad, l'm afraid, is this.-Careful.-Sorry, sir.We hold the north end of the bridge,Germans hold the south.But now they probablycontrol most of the town,including the church tower.So, what you're sayingis that we're surrounded?Yes, something like that.-Now, what else?-Sir.l was a bit surprisedto find Bittrich's Panzer troops here, sir.Yes, well, surely you didn't believeall that nonsense they told us, did you?l mean, about the enemybeing made up of,what was it, old men, children?l'll have to risk it.lt's halfway through the morningand things aren't getting any better.LATHBURY: Well, Sergeant, how is it?Sir. We can't clear the street, sir.Enemy strength keeps increasingand it's just impossibleto get through to the bridge.-That's all. Thank you, Sergeant.-Sir.Gerald, it's imperativethat l get back to HQbefore the situationgets completely out of hand.Well, if it's all right with you, sir,Cleminson and l will comepart of the way. All right, Jimmy?-Let's move.-Out.CLEMlNSON:End house, bottom window, sir!-Cleminson, get over here!-Sir.Hang on, Gerald.ln here. Come on.Can't you move your legs?No.Must be the spine. Can you help us?How?-ROY: Don't you know a doctor nearby?-We can take him to the hospital.You go. He will be fine.Go, sir.You go.Go up.They're certainly at the back.What's it like at the front?We're surrounded, sir.Yes, quite.Oh, l was rather expectingto see you again, General Sosabowski.Do please, sit down.Polish drop has been canceled again.l would like an explanation.Yeah, well, l expect the foghas a certain amount to do with it.l'm told there are aircraftflying 50 miles to the south.Explain to me, please, why my menand equipment cannot be movedfrom here to thereand then fly to Arnhem?Well, now that's a veryreasonable question.And l don't want to bother you witha lot of meteorological mumbo-jumbo,but the fact is, you see,whether we like it or not,fog, it moves.Of course, it moves. Where?Well, that's very difficult to say, General.(STAMMERlNG) lt's very slippery stuff.Fog, l mean.Now, you think you've got it and then it,it reverses itself and leaves you behind.Won't you please sit down?What l'm trying to say, General,is, l mean, even if we moveyour troops the 50 miles,where, l grant you,just now the sun is shining,the chances are thatby the time we get there,the fog could quite easilyhave preceded us.So we simply have to wait.And do nothing?l think that puts it rather well.(BAND PLAYlNG)(SlNGlNG lN DUTCH)Hey, you ! You Vandeleur?Yes.-l'm Bobby Stout.-How do you do?Hell of a day, huh? Look at them. Wild.Have you ever been liberated?l got divorced twice. Does that count?Yes. That counts.Hey, that Bailey crap.You got it amongst this stuff?When you refer to Bailey crap,l take it you mean that gloriousprecision-made British-built bridgewhich is the envy of the civilized world.Yeah.Right, well, the trucksare down there somewhere,but how you're gonna get themthrough this crowd, l don't know.No problem. l got a side road pegged out.lt'll avoid all this.-American ingenuity.-Oh, really?Actually, l was born in Yugoslavia,but what the hell.Yes.SOLDlER: Okay. l'll take it, sir.Where the hell have you been?With some Dutch friendsat Nijmegen. Look.This is why we can't take the bridge.The Germans have moved inSS Panzer troops.You'd think they didn't want us toget across or something.They've sealed off the whole area.Here.You can see on this map.Every street leadingto that bridge is blocked.Every house around it is occupied.The Dutch underground peoplesay it's just impossible to break through.They could be right.Where's the captain?Dead.l didn't ask you how he was.l asked you where he was.(SOLDlERS SPEAKlNG lN GERMAN)Orderly, we're all outof bandages over here.Okay, bring them here.Bring it.Hey, you !Don't block that ambulance space!-Sir.-Not now, Sergeant.l'd like for you to look at my captain.l'm sorry, Sergeant, put him down.What in the name of hell do you. . .You told me to put him down, sir.Look, Sergeant,l'm in no mood for crapping around.Well, if you don't look at him right now,he's gonna die.Dead now.lt would mean a lot to me, sir,if you'd check him out.Come on, Sergeant,for Christ's sake, get him out of here!Would you look at him, please, sir?Right now,or l'll blow your fucking head off.Right now.l can give him a quick examination,if you like.Thank you very much, sir.Son of a bitch.Orderly!Well, l got the bullet out of his skull.He's gonna live though, right?Gonna have one hell of a headache.Oh. . .Guess you can turn me in now, sir.That was a court-martial offense.-You understand that, don't you?-Yes, sir.Hope to hell it was worth it.l guess only time will tell on that, sir.My response is strictly limited,regardless of my personal preference,you understand that, too.-l do.-Like somebody cheating in school,once word gets out you can behaveany way you God damn please,if your discipline's gone,forget about getting it back.So you're gonna have to be arrested,over and out.Lieutenant Rafferty.Yes, sir. Colonel.Lieutenant Rafferty,this is Sergeant. . . What's your name?Dohun. Eddie Dohun.Sergeant Dohun pulled a gun on meand threatened to kill meunless l did precisely what he ordered.-l want you to put him under arrest.-Yes, sir.l want you to keep him there. l want youto keep him there for at least 1 0 seconds.l'm not all that sure l understand, Colonel.Count to 1 0, Lieutenant, fast.1 , 2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 7, 8, 9, 1 0. Like that, sir?Thank you, Lieutenant.Colonel.This is yours, l think.Yes, sir, it looks like mine.You scared the shit out of me,you stupid bastard.You did a fine job yourself, sir.lf it makes you feel any better.God damn right, it does.-Eddie?-Sir.You wouldn't reallyhave killed me, would you?Thank you, sir.Right! Let's haul a little ass!Go! Go! Go!Go!Look out.Hold, hold !Hold !Come on !Move it! Come on, soldier.You're not building a sand castle. Move it.STOUT: Come on, boys, use your muscle.Heave!Come on, heave!(CREAKlNG)Unload, quickly!lt's all right, sir.Come on, move yourselves!Come on, push !All together! Lift!Come on, soldier, pound it!Pound it. We got a schedule to meet.Steady!Heave!Steady. Steady.How much longer now?About another four hours, sir.Shit!STOUT: Come on, boys, we're notdoing this for fun !-Hey, soldier, get over here!-Yes, sir.-And pull on this rope.-Yes, sir.STOUT: Didn't you ever builda Bailey bridge before?No, sir.Neither did l.Hold up!Clear the way!Clear! Clear! Clear!Come on, get up.Roll it, fellas!Right, come on, all aboard !Let's go.STOUT: Thanks, fellas. We'll be seeing you.What's wrong, sir?They're 36 hours behind schedule.Lieutenant?Sir.We'll be turning you over to the 82nd now.They're good soldiers, the 82nd.Just be sure you keepyour hand on your wallet at all times.Yes, sir.They're here.lt's XXX Corps. They're here, chaps!You're late, you lazy bastards,but we'll forgive you !That was gracious of me, don't you think?Take cover!Bring up the PlAT!Make sure it's within range.Come on ! Come on ! You'll miss him !(SOLDlERS CHATTERlNG lN GERMAN)Right, lads! Go! Go! Go!All right, boys!Corporal ! l need a jeep.-Well done, laddie.-We thought you were dead, sir.-We were told. . .-l can assure you it was an error.SOLDlER: Short of ammo around the back.That was the bleeding general.ROY: Good morning, gentlemen.OFFlCER 1 : Good morning, sir.-OFFlCER 2: Good morning, sir.-Carry on, thank you.-Morning, sir.-Morning, Baker.Morning, James.-Morning, sir.-Morning. Harry.Apologies for my enforced absence.-Dennis.-Sir.General Lathbury's been put out of action.l'd like you to go into townand take over the brigade.-How soon can you leave?-Right away, sir.Good. Pull them togetherand keep pushing forward to the bridge.Sir.Did the rest of the division arrive safely?Yes, sir, but we've run intoall kinds of trouble.lt would seem that we've landed on top oftwo SS Panzer divisions.Good God !As you can imagine, it's hard to stop tankswith rifles and machine guns.Show me.Well, you can see what we're up against.Johnny Frost and some of his chapshave managed to get as far as the bridge,but the Germans are drivingdown here towards the riverand may even now havecut them off completely.l see. Still, now thatthe entire division is here,we should be able tobreak through to him.Sir?Well, certainly it gives usmore of a chance.Sosabowski's Polish brigadeis due in at 1 2:00.lf it arrives.Yesterday's airlift was three hours latedue to fog in England.And the gliders bringingthe Poles' equipment didn't arrive at all.Now give me the good news.l'm afraid there isn't any, sir.As you can see,we're more or less surrounded.So far, we're holding our own,but we're desperatelyshort of food, medicine,and above all, ammunition.Aren't we getting our daily supply drop?Oh, yes. The Royal Air Forceare flying in on schedule.The trouble is the Germans have overrunthe dropping zones.Don't our pilots know that?Afraid not, sir.ln heaven's name, why?lt's the radio, sir.We still haven't been able to make contactwith anyone outside Arnhem, sir.Bloody fools!Bloody fools, this way!Over here!We're here!Over here!Drop them over here!What the hell are they doing?They must be able to see us.They can see us all right, laddie,but they're under ordersto ignore signals from the ground.For all they know, we could be Germans.But they're giving it allto the bloody Germans.(ENGlNE SPUTTERlNG)Charles.Poor bastard.Oh, well. Maybe tomorrow.There.Where's he going?He'll never make it.Those bleeding snipers will get him.Come back!Come on, Ginger, mate. Come on !He'll never lift it.Bring it back, mate. Come on !Come on !Run, laddie! Run !(GUN FlRES)Oh, Jesus Christ!WOMAN: Taxi ! Taxi !(PEOPLE SPEAKlNG DUTCH)Did you get any of that?l think she wants someoneto order her a taxi.RADlO OPERATOR: What is your position?Taxi !(MACHlNE GUN FlRlNG)SPAANDER: Kate.KATE: Doctor.Good evening, Kate. May l introduce,Mrs. Ter Horst, Colonel Weaver.ls your husband not returned?He should have been here by now.He must be havingdifficulties coming throughthe German lines.Well, in that case,we will have to ask you for a decision.Colonel Weaver has a request to make.Well, what we've done iswe've set up a defensive pocket,more or less thumb-shaped,with the river as the base.Mrs. Ter Horst speakssurprisingly good English, Colonel.Oh.Well, then you understandthat we're in quite a strong positionfor holding out untilXXX Corps reaches us,but we have to makecertain arrangements.The words come through.l don't know l'd followthe military strategy.We have the main hospital, of course,but it is full to bursting.(CHlLDREN CHATTERlNG)Perhaps. . .You understand that we have great needof additional space.Our house would seem suitable.lt's just for the slightly wounded.You know, we'll patch them up,send them back, that sort of thing.l feel it will need a little more than that.We wasting time. Come.Thank you, Kate. Thank you.l will see you, Colonel. l will come back.Come. Do come in. That's it.Please sit. Come take this chair.Here.-Come over here.-Thanks very much, ma'am.Do sit down.Let me help you.Oh, Colonel,the major wants you upstairs, sir.Okay. Thank you.All right?(SOLDlER GROANlNG)All right.Excuse me. Thank you.Still in one piece, Dodds?Good. All right, Potter?That's far enough !We can hear you from there!lt's rather an interesting development, sir.My general says there is no pointin continuing this fighting.He is willing to discuss a surrender.Tell him to go to hell.We haven't the proper facilitiesto take you all prisoner!Sorry.What?We'd like to,but we can't accept your surrender.Was there anything else?All right.(lN GERMAN)And now?Flatten Arnhem.(SPEAKlNG DUTCH)(CHATTERlNG lN DUTCH)BOY: Papa!-Any movement at Nijmegen?-None.No way of blasting through to the bridge?l'd lose all my men for nothing.There's God knows how manylying out there already.You mean it's over, sir?l didn't say that, did l?We've paid for that bridgeand we're going to collect,but to do it, l need tank support.Well, you've got it, Jimmy.The Grenadier Guardswill be happy to oblige.-ls that all right, Alex?-Absolutely, sir.lt's not just tanks. l need boats.lf XXX Corps were American,we would have boats.-Did you bring any?-Mike?l think we might havea few about somewhere, sir, yes.Well, can you get them here by tonight?Well, it won't be easy, sir.We've got one road,1 0-mile traffic jams on itand Germans throwing shells at us.l don't know quite what we can do but. . .Except try! You can do that, can't you?Thank you, gentlemen. Thank you.Now, look here. About these boats.What is your opinion, l mean, how many. . .The general's a bit scratchy today, sir.But it's nothing personal.When we dropped on Sunday,l think he cracked his spine.-How many boats have we got then?-About six in each truck.GAVlN: Where's Major Cook, soldier?l think over there, sir.Thank you.SOLDlER: Better believe it.Julian, where the hell are you?Here, sir.We're going to takeNijmegen Bridge tonight.What's the best way to take a bridge?Both ends at once.l'm sending two companiesacross the river by boat.l need a man with veryspecial qualities to lead.Go on, sir.He's got to be tough enough to do it.And he's got to beexperienced enough to do it.Plus, one more thing.He's got to be dumb enough to do it.Start getting ready.What was all that about, Major?Well, someone's come upwith a real nightmare.Real nightmare.We just got word fromthe Dutch resistance people at Arnhem.-And?-lt's not going too well for the British.Their main force never reached the bridge,and those that didare hanging on by their fingernails.-And General Urquhart?-He's got his back to the river.The Germans have trappedhis men in a pocketand they're squeezing itsmaller and smaller.How long can he hold?Where are those goddamn boats?Just keep it clear.Right.They're no further than we thought.-Julian.-COOK: Sir?We've a little change in plans.We're going to makethe crossing in daylight.Daylight.Traffic's all screwed up for miles.By the time we're ready, it'll be 0800.That's when we go.Fine.l'd like to wait and go tomorrow night,but the British can't hold.Better by daylight.Much.-Any news of the boats?-No.We're switching. . . You want some?No, thank you.We're switchingthe start till 9:00 just to make sure.You start laying smoke just before we go.Fine. Fine.They're gonna get creamedfrom the far embankment.Your smoke screen's gonna betheir only protection.Don't worry.We'll cover you.Please.Okay, can l have your attention, please?Can l have your attention?l'm pleased to inform youthat our 9:00 departurehas been postponed till 1 0:00.So you can all havean extra hour's fun and relaxation.-Major.-Yes?We got any more informationon those boats?We're reliably informed that they float.Outside of that, we don't know squat.Not how many,not how heavy, not how big.We are sure that the river is wideand that the current is strong.And as any morecheery information comes my way,l'll just be too happy to pass it along.ln the meantime,just think of this as on-the-job training.What's the matter, no sense of humor?God damn it!We go at noon.Come on ! Clear it off the road !You men are probably wonderingwhy l've called us here together.l've reached a decisionthat l'd like to share with you all.l intend to go acrosslike George Washington,standing on the prow.You guys can do the rowing.That's it! Move them out!Come on.What the. . .What'd you expect, destroyers?Come on, put it together. Unload them !Careful. Careful !Pull it! Son of a bitch ! Pull it up!How many more?Get those sides up.Fire!(lN GERMAN)What else can you seebesides smoke?Nothing yet, but they aregoing to try a river assault.lt will fail.Of course it will fail, but. . .what do we do if it doesn't?l ask your permissionto blow up the bridge.Out of the question.l understand, Field Marshal.They will not cross the riverand we will blow no bridges.Have the demolition chargesbeen checked?Yes, sir.Everything is wired and ready.Captain Kraftis standing by as ordered.The bridge will not fallinto enemy hands.As soon as the firstBritish tank starts to cross. . .l'll blow it sky-high.-Let's get going !-All right! Go, go, go!Hurry, get to the water!Go on, go on, go, boy, go!Let's go, come on !Jump in, boys. Let's move.lf you don't have an oar,use your rifle butt!Anything ! Row! Row!(CHANTlNG) One! Two!The current's taking us down.Stay to your right!-Support fire ordered, sir.-GAVlN: Right. Thank you.Row!Get down !Go! Go!Hail Mary, full of grace.Hail Mary.Over to the right!Hail Mary, full of grace.Hail Mary, full of grace.Hail Mary. . .Hail Mary, full of grace.(CHANTlNG) One! Two!Hail Mary, full of grace.Keep rowing !Straight ahead !Hail Mary, full of grace.We're drifting ! Pull to your left!-Come on, pull !-COOK: Hail Mary, full of grace.Go, boys. Keep rowing !Hail Mary, full of grace.Hail Mary, full of grace.Hail Mary, full of grace.Stay down !Hail Mary.Come on, boys!COOK: . . .full of grace. Hail Mary.Hail Mary, full of grace.Thy will be done.-Hail Mary, full of grace.-Thy will be done.Hail Mary, full of grace.Thy will be done.Let's go!Snipers! Snipers!Help me. Help me.Go up the side!-Can we make it through the tunnel?-No way, sir.-Get up the bank.-l'm with you, sir.Cover. Cover.Come on.Let's go. Right here.Follow me up here.Sergeant! Take four across. Draw fire.Harry and l'll go up the side. You cover.-Go!-Go, go, go, go, go, go, go!-Come on.-Come on ! Let's go!(lN GERMAN)Are you ready?Yes, General.Cover me.Damn it. God damn it.(lN GERMAN)Now.Now!Again !(lN GERMAN)My God, they're only1 8 kilometers from Arnhem.Who can stop them now?No one.Come on !Oh, hell.Any chance, Whitney?Not unless we're relievedin the next few hours, sir.FROST: Harry?Try and get him downto the cellar, will you?Very good, sir.lt's working.l'm through to HQ. Where's the colonel?-Down below.-Well, get him ! Get him.Colonel Frost!-What is it?-Up top!Up top, sir!RADlO OPERATOR: lt's headquarters, sir,on the radio!Coming !RADIO OPERATOR: Sunray on set.Pass your message. Over.What's your situation, Johnny? Over.l hadn't expected the pleasure, sir. Well. . .We're holding out.We need reinforcementsand, above all, ammunition. Over.l'm not sure if it's a caseof us coming for you,or you coming for us.Well, we'll just wait for XXX Corps then.That would probably be best.Very reassuring talking to you, sir.l'm sorry, Johnny.Getting stuck on that bloody bridgefour days on your own.Have you anything else for me?No, sir.l'll give you a call when our friends arrive.-Over.-All right.Good luck. Out.-Sergeant Tomblin !-Here, sir!l'm coming over!Where's the covering fire?Sergeant Taylor!COOK: l don't understand.Why aren't you moving?What's the matter with you guys?Those are British troops at Arnhem.They're hurt bad.You're not gonna stop, not now.l'm sorry. We have our orders.We busted our asses getting here,half my men are killed,and you're just gonna stopand drink tea?Look, we're now facinga completely different situation.We can't lead with tanks up that road.Jerry will pick us off like sitting ducks.Our infantry is still fighting in Nijmegen.When they get here, we'll move on.For Christ's sake,must you do everything by the book?Our orders are to wait for the infantry.l'm sorry, but there it is.Sir.Sir. Sir.lt's Major Carlyle, sir.FROST: All right.All right, Wicks. l'm all right.-Hello, Harry.-Hello, Johnny.Things not too good, huh?l've been meaning to ask you something,and l haven't becausel know you were so anxious that l should,and l wouldn't give you the satisfaction.But, why the helldo you always carry that bloody umbrella?-Memory.-What?Bad memory.Always forgot the password.l knew no Jerry would ever carry one.l had to provel was an Englishman.Harry.Get back! Back!Back into your houses! Back!Hello. XXX Corps. Please hurry.Please.(BOMBS EXPLODlNG)Hello. XXX Corps.-RADlO OPERATOR: Nothing, sir.-All right. Thank you, Corporal.lt's no use in any event.Take my boot off, will you, Wicks?Hello, XXX Corps. . .Oh, God !We're out of ammunition anyway.Right. Off you go, Wicks.Join the rest of the lads.Try and get back to the main force.-What about you, sir?-l'll be all right.Just didn't make it this time, did we?XXX Corps. Hello, XXX Corps. . .XXX Corps, come in.(SPEAKlNG GERMAN)My General says, "Please take it."lt's very good chocolate."Your planes dropped it to us yesterday."English.(PLANE ENGlNES ROARlNG)OFFlCER: Red on.Action stations!God bless Field Marshal Montgomery!(SOSABOWSKl EXCLAlMlNG lN POLlSH)(SOSABOWSKl MOANlNG)(KATE SPEAKlNG DUTCH)(lN DUTCH)-Sleep tight, honey.-Sleep tight, Mom.Would five minutesbe too much?Just five minutes' respite?(BOMBS EXPLODlNG)Dear God. . .grant these young men. . .die in peace and quiet.MAN: l'm sorry, lads,but you got to have to move.Please. . .Take my hand.(GASPlNG)We're a bit late with this one, mate."Surely he shall deliver theefrom the snare of the fowler,"and from the noisome pestilence."He shall cover thee with his feathers,"and under his wing shalt thou trust:"his truth shall be thy shield and buckler."There you go. Head back.You'll be all right now, chum.(lN DUTCH)Can it get worse?Oh, yes, much worse.Bring up the bulldozer.Bring up the bulldozer.Stretcher bearer!Help me!Stretcher!TAFFY: Easy, now. Take it easy.Morphia!Taffy, l must have morphia.Morphia's only for the peoplewho are really hurt.l thought l was really hurt.You're wrong.No, l asked him to come over.But Dr. Spaander does agree with me, sir.-We've got to do something about it.-Yes, what? Good day, Doctor.General Urquhart, we have no more space,and we have no more supplies.And since a prisoner of warhas more chance than no chance at all,l have a mind to ask the Germansto accept our wounded into their hospitalsif we could arrange evacuation.Have l your permission to try?Certainly, if Weaver agrees,but l hardly think the Germans will.Those are our guns out there.That's XXX Corps.l don't think my permission is going to be-your major problem.-Excuse me, sir.(MEN SPEAKlNG POLlSH)l've come with a message fromGeneral Urquhart, sir.How you manage that?(PANTlNG) l swam the Rhine, sir.l'm afraid the radios are all up the spout.The General asksif you'll get your men across the river.Now, we've beenholding out for six days now.And any help at all would beof considerable assistance.You'll swim back with a reply?Yes, sir.Well, we can't swim, not with equipment.We have small rubber boats. That's all.Well, l'm afraid rubber dinghies may-be a bit flimsy for the Rhine, sir.-Yeah, l agree. Agree.Tell the General we're coming.We're coming tonight.Yes, sir.(PULLEY SQUEAKlNG)(lN POLlSH)One two for one. . .Quiet.Silence, silence.Stop! Stop!Rope.Pull the rope! Rope!Rope!Pull them out!Pull them out!Quickly!(SPEAKlNG DUTCH)Not possible.lf you would just say yes,it would be very possible.Forgive me, but there's a battle,and we are in the process of winning it.Winning and losing is not our concern.Living or dying is.Cease fire.One hour, two. . .Just to evacuate our wounded.Afterwards you can kill usas much as you want to.(lN GERMAN)General Ludwig.(WHlSPERlNG)(SPEAKlNG GERMAN)Ceasefire at 3:00.(SPEAKlNG GERMAN)-Will you thank him, please?-l just did.Please, you can go.(FLUTE PLAYlNG)How short are we, a mile?Why don't we just try to bash through?For God's sake, it must be worth it.They're trying to forceUrquhart away from the river.Now, once they do that,once they've got him surrounded,he'll be annihilated.Not in Monty's plan at all.We've replaced the boatswe lost in Nijmegen?Yes.Well?Well, then?Well, that's it, then.We're pulling them out.lt was Nijmegen.lt was the single road getting to Nijmegen.No. lt was after Nijmegen.And the fog in England.Doesn't matter what it was.When one man says to another,"l know what let's do today,let's play the war game,"everybody dies.ROY: "Withdraw."Two days, they said.We've been here nine.One bloody mile.You'd think they could accomplish that.MACKENZlE: Hancock, here are another. . .Thank you, sir.The last two l could find.Charles, we've been givenour marching orders.lf they discover we're leaving,they'll go all out to destroy us.So we must take every precaution.Now, l've designed thislike a collapsing bag.Macdonald here has agreedto man the wirelessin order to give the Germanssomething to listen to.And all the padres and the medical staffhave volunteered to stay behind as well.Now, the wounded,who are too bad to move,will replace the men firing,so our defense will seem as before.By the time the Germansfind out what's happening,we should all be safely across the river.-Pleasant journey.-ALL: Thank you, sir.-Are you all right, laddie?-Thank you, sir.l'm beginning to believewe're actually going to make it, sir.l thought everyone knewGod was a Scotsman.General Browning will bedown right away, sir.He wondered if you perhapsmight like to change.Change?Your clothes, sir.No, thanks.(DOOR OPENlNG)Hello, Roy.How are you?l'm not sure that l'll know for a while,but l'm sorry about the way it worked out.You did all you could.Yes, but did everyone else?They've got a bedfor you upstairs if you want it.l took 1 0,000 men into Arnhem.l've come out with less than two.l don't feel much like sleeping.Quite.l've just been on to Monty.He's very proud and pleased.-Pleased?-Of course.He thinks Market Gardenwas 90% successful.But what do you think?Well, as you know, l've always thoughtthat we tried to go a bridge too far.Mind his head.WlCKS: Thanks, Taff.(MURMURlNG PRAYER)Amen.(MEN HUMMlNG)(SlNGlNG) Abide with meAbide with meFast falls the eventideThe darkness deepensLord, with me abideWhen other helpers failAnd comforts fleeHelp of the helplessO abide with meHold thou thy crossBefore my closing eyes