            A Brief Message from the Heart (1995) - full transcript             

foodval.com - stop by if you're interested in the nutritional composition of food  --- 
            Toei Company, Ltd. PresentsFUKUIMrs. Shimizu.Mrs. Mizushima is here.She brought you a gift.I'll leave it in your room.Have a nice time.She's always so loud.Hello.Mother, you look good.It's been a long time.Three months and ten days.It's very sunny today.



Don't you have a haton to block the sunlight?Yes.What color is your hat?What color is your dress?My hat is a gray Casablanca.My dress is gray and white.So stylish as always.I have another postcard from him.With a picture of Borobudur.You may think it's tooshort as usual."Dear Mother, how are you?"I'm in Bogor and busy everyday."Are your eyes gettinga little better?""I've sent money to Tae.Take care."



Mario's postcard.How many does this make?Tae, thank you.I'm still in Fukui.I'll take the 17:35limited express.I'll be there tomorrow as usual.Thanks a lot."Seeing me off to theschool trip,"Mom said sorrywhile looking down.""I then knew I couldactually get over it."That was written byMr. Yokokawa, 55 years old.The next one is byMr. Narita, 28 years old."Mom don't die."Till I say it's okay.""Till I fulfill myduties to you."I'm quite moved by itsince I'm an unfilial son.Another one."I wanted you to diewhen I was young.""Now I want to diefor my remark."By Ms. Yagi, 32 years old.It's somehow really shocking.It really is."A Brief Message from the Heart" wassolicited by Maruoka-cho in Fukui.Many letters have arrivedfrom all over Japan.The town is surprisedby the great response.They received 32,236 letters!Our affection for ourmothers is truly strong.A Brief Message from the Heart."Pen to Paper Award."TOAKE Yukiyo.YUUKI Nae.HARADA Ryuji.SUZUKI Sawa.BESSHO Tetsuya.Directed by: SAWAI Shinichiro.Matsumoto.Maki's letter won the contest.That's right.We want to contact herabout the award ceremony.Please have her call us.I see.Can you fax the notice to us?Inoue.- Redo that part.- OK.Maki. It's not yellow, but red.Really?These?Watch out.They're too high up.Inoue, help her.Thanks.He should be runningaround, raising funds.I hope we can get paid today.This parlor's also in trouble.The owner is missing.They may not pay us.Is Mr. Sakata going to be okay?Maki! You have a call.It's your brother, Hiroshi.Excuse me.What is this?Just read it."Mom, are you happy with him?""Dad said nothing,and died quietly."Your letter was chosen for"A Brief Message from the Heart."What are you talking about?I didn't write it or send it.You didn't write it?It was on your computerwhen I borrowed it.Under your letter of noticefor Dad's 49th day memorial."Mom, are you happy with him?Dad said nothing and died quietly."You sent it without asking me.How could you.Where are you going?Back to Tokyo.You're on summer vacation.I'm busy.I've rested from mypart-time job for five days.I have to be back by evening.Hiroshi, wait.Are you attending the ceremony?How much is the prize?Don't be ridiculous.That wasn't my intentionwhen I wrote it.Don't be shy.You wrote it.Mom may be delighted to hear it.When are you coming backnext? Do you have money?See you.Don't forget our 100thday memorial for Dad!"Dad said nothingand died quietly."Well done.Ma? I pass?Please.Well...What's wrong?Mr. Maehara.I'm all right.Don't worry.Let's go.Aren't you going to change?Regarding that "miai"(arranged meeting) you had...I turned it down for you.That's what you wanted, right?Yes.The best thing is...for you to finda husband for yourself.That's for the best. I'm relieved.Let me get changed.Dad!What's the matter?Dad!Here you go.Your pay.Tomorrow, work on the arcade.So you were ableto raise the funds.There's only half in here!Yours are fine. Only his.I'll pay you the restwithin a few days.Gee... my wife will be grouchy.I'm sorry.You're good at apologizinglike your dead brother.He would profuselyapologize to me like this.Shall we go?Good night!Yours is OK.What?Thanks for your hard work.This is for this month's pay.I'm sorry for alwaysworking you so hard.It's all right. I like my job.Professor Saito ofShinshu Universitywill be restoringthe cultural sites.I'm thinking ofrecommending you to him.The restorationof the historical sites?You majored in fine arts.Isn't that whereyour interests lie?You took his seminar,didn't you?Yes.It's in your field and it'sa great opportunity.Will I be able to manage?Can you manage without me?You'll do just fine.You can utilize your talentbetter there, than at my place.Hiroshi, let's eat.Yes.I didn't order a large portion.You usually do.I'll just eat it then.You need to eat a lotor you'll get sick.You hold your chopsticks funny.What?Will you go make a delivery?She's kind to you.Your fish is bigger than mine.What's going on?Are you the owner?Yes, I am.We're looking for a girl...named YoshimuraYumiko from Kyushu.We heard that she'sworking here.Yes, she's here.Where is she?Making a delivery.So, she'll be back.What did she do?She disappeared from a barwhere she owes two million yen.We were asked to find her.Drive safely!Hey, you.Where are you going?Give me a ride.I can't. It's the company's car.I'm heading backto Setagaya, Tokyo.That's fine. Give me a ride.Please.No. I don't want trouble.Drive away quickly. Please!Oh, gosh.So, you owe two million yen.That's not true.I had a live-in job ata snack shop, and theytried to charge me two million yenfor the rent, clothes, and food.They wanted me to returnit through prostitution.That's terrible.Why did you work there?I was new in Tokyo.I had just come out fromKyushu, looking for a live-in job.It doesn't look likethey will easily give up.What are you going to do?Do you have friends in Tokyo?Are you going back to Kyushu?No, I'm not going back.Stop. I'm getting off.What? Here?It's ready.Come and sleep here.Where will you sleep?Is that what you wereworried about?I'll stay at my friend's.There's nothing to eat.Do you have money on you?Yes, I do.Sure?Yeah. Don't worry about me.Make yourself at home.Just find a place to live.Leave the key in the mailbox.See you.You...trust me?Shouldn't I?I trust you.Thanks.I'll look for a place tomorrow.Sorry about tonight.Yeah.Hiroshi?I'm here.Will you look at this?This is for today's expenses.And...Dad left this for us.Check it carefully.We still have a lot of money left.Not really.You still have anotheryear to go in college.It's not a lot for our future.We can't simply divide it.We'll need some moneyfor your wedding, too.Be serious.You have to be more realisticabout our financial matters.We only have each other.I know.What are you going to doabout your marriage?Didn't Dad arrange amarriage meeting for you,right before he died?I only went to it becauseI was obligated...He turned it down for me.Dad! What's the matter?Dad!I don't plan to get married yet.I just found a job thatI really enjoy.Historical site restoration.Sakata recommended me for it.Don't put the emphasis on me.Hiroshi, Dad was mostworried about you.I can imagine.Unlike you, I never feltclose to Dad.We never talked intimately.The only fond memoryI have of him...is when I was injunior high school...and we went trout fishing.We fished till it becamepitch dark.Do you remember the timetwo kittens wandered in hereand we fed them?Yes, I remember.Are those cats?Yes.Kittens?It's OK.Then the mother catcame to the gate...and was watching intently.The mother cat wouldn'teat our food.She never came close.Everyday, she would comeand watch the kittens eat.Then one day she stoppedcoming all of a sudden.It's time to eat. Come.Mama cat!Where did she go?Isn't she sad?Yes, she's sad.Why wouldn't she be,without her kittens?But she saw you takingcare of them.So she felt assured.Of course she's sad...I think it was our mom hewas actually talking about.Maki, I'm hungry.I'll make tea.Do you know where Mom is?Would her parents know?Maybe I should find herand meet her.Don't do that, Hiroshi.Why do you say that onDad's memorial day?My message wasn't for her.Why did you send itwithout asking me first?What are you thinking of?You keep talking about her.Don't you feel badlytowards Dad?These are tasty.Hello, Mama.Hello, Tae Mama.You're looking better.Thank you for coming to see me.This is an invitationto my get-well party.I sent them out to allmy customers.Not even half are coming.Business isn't looking good.How is it at Daphne?If you're not doing well,why would I...Coffee, please.Yes, right away.How's your health?My liver is so-so.I haven't been takingcare of myself until now.So I'm falling apart.You've been in thisbusiness for a long time, too.I'm sure you're ill somewhere.Maybe.You should go see a doctor.So it sounds hopeless...Your source is reliable.Kimura with Equity News said thestocks won't rise in this century.This century? That long?Oh, no. I'll be an old lady.There are only five yearsleft in this century.That's true.It's not funny. I won't beable to last for five years.Welcome.Mama, you have a call.Hello.It's from Kawata-sensei.He's working in the hotelto meet his deadline.Hello?How can you not show uphere when you're close by?Are you out of ideas?Really?Are you sure?I'll be there later.Thank you very much.Thank you.What are you looking at?Are you looking for a bar?I'm looking for Daphne.That's us.You're kidding.I'm not. Come.Welcome.I'm stepping out for a while.See you later.Is she the Mama?Yes, that's right.Come in.What would you like?A keep bottle?Isn't this place expensive?Of course.Are you a student?Yeah. Do you acceptcredit cards?So you'll buy a bottle.It's open.It's me. Can I come in?Hi. Mama. Come in.Is that for me? Pour me a glass.Am I bothering you?How's your bar doing?I must owe you a lot.Yes. And we're aboutto go out of business.Are you doing that bad?Actually, the businessisn't my concern.I'm feeling distressed.Maybe I should be doingsomething different.So I wanted to talk to you.So you're finallyshowing some weakness.Shall I seduce you again?You're just all talk.What kind of story is it?The usual.A woman who can't getmarried or become a mistress.But who can't live alone.She's too pretty so shebecomes a victim to her looks.That's the gist of the story.How old is she? Is shein the bar business?Yeah.Never mind that andhave a drink, too.I will.The restaurants and clubsthat the owner, Shimamura,had bought in Singaporewill be opening shortly.So I heard.He called me.He wanted to meet mewhen he came back.That's probably whathe's going to tell me.I see.By the way, Miyukiwants to quit.She's opening her ownbar in Yotsuya.Is that right?She's young and shrewd.I'll find someone to replace her.Good night.Good evening.Who are you?I'm Hiroshi.Maehara Hiroshi.Hiroshi...I went to your barbut you were out.So I was waiting for you here.What is it?What do you want?Nothing. Nothing at all.Don't surprise me like this.I can't see your facevery well in this dark.Come inside.So you went to my bar.How did you find it?I called your family in Fukui.How's your father?He passed away.He collapsed froma heart attack in April.We held a 100th day memorialservice for him recently.I see.So, is Maki doing fine?What are you doing?I'm a senior in college.So you're in college...Where do you live now?What's so funny?I feel like I'm beinginterrogated by you.But I guess it can't be helped.It's like we're meetingfor the first time.Can I ask you something?Are you single now?Are you living with someone?I am... alone.You can drink, can't you?As you can see,I am living here alone.What did you expect?So, it's OK for me to be here.I'm glad I came.Are you leaving?Don't you wantsomething from me?Tell me.No, there's nothing.I just wanted to seeyour face, Mama.Mama? That's not nice.I see.Good night, Mom.What? Oh. Good night.Mom... you're very pretty.That makes me happy.See you again.He called me Mom.Oh, God...The images need to be fixed.There are patterns here.Use the infrared ray camera.Maki. Bring the camera.Here you go.Be careful.Japan's culture involvesmainly wood and paper.Unlike stones and metals,they are fragile.The repairs are crucialto preserving them...for thousands of years.Will you give us examples?Horyu-ji Temple.The picture scrollof the "Tale of Genji".They're in bettercondition than we expected.I wonder if Sakata can help.He's been busy with his company.Isn't that right, Maki?Yes.His specialty is in theKamakura period arts.Have him look at this.Maki.Take this to him.Sakata Exterior Company.Yes.Mr. Sakata is out at the moment.He isn't pretending to beout. He really is out.I see. Please call again later.Thanks. Yuji had askedme to answer the calls.The person said he'llcall back later.Hello, Emi.Hello.Professor Saito asked meto give this to Mr. Sakata.He wants Mr. Sakatas help.Thanks.Yuji is out with Inoueon business.After my husband died. Yujiquit his teaching job at theuniversity to help me outwith this company.But I'm sure he'd wantto go back to it.Thanks.Maki, do you wantto come with us?Our high school buddiesare getting together at Toru's.Join us.I still have work to do.Work? You're so diligent.You must not have a lover.That's none of your business.You can call me anytime.Please wait while yourmessages are retrieved.Maki.I need money right away.Please deposit 200,000 yeninto my account tomorrow.Oh, brother...What did you getyourself into now, Hiroshi?He needs 200,000 yenby tomorrow?Hiroko?It's me.I was about to cook dinner,but I didn't feel like eating alone.Would you like to goout? I'll treat.We can go to a nice restaurant.How about French?You have a date?What?It was just the other daythat you said you didn'tneed any men in your lifeand that you'd live for work.Never mind.Please leave a message.Damn it!Yes?Good morning. Where's Mama?She just went out witha young man.She went to Sarah's.A young man?Is he her new lover?Well, she seemeda bit preoccupied.So, you siblings onlyhave each other.How are you doingwith your finances?It costs money to go to college.We'll be fine.Dad left us some money.And I have a part-time job.Maki has a job, too.But you must be tappinginto the money he left.It must be tough.What are you goingto do after you graduate?Dad used to ask methat often, too.I have no idea.I worry as your mom.Would you like another cup?No, thanks.By the way, Mom...Would you like to go out?I'll drive.Where are we going?I've an appointment today.Wait a second.Shimamura wants to seeme on the Singapore matter.The owner wants to see you?I see.I brought last month's books.But that must not be all.How much was theloss last month?We're 44% in the redfrom the budget.Welcome.I'll have coffee.What time is the appointment?I should be going already.Who is he?Him?My son.Are you surprised?Yes, I am.Will you do me a favor?Will you go aloneto see Shimamura?I don't feel likediscussing business today.Where are we going?We can go anywhere you want.Where do you want to go?I'll let you decide.Did you buy this car?I bought it with my payfrom my part-time job.It's a cheap, used car.Do you drive this cararound with your girlfriend?Come on.Don't you have a girlfriend?You look like the popular type.I can only rememberMaki when she was seven.Is she pretty?I think she's so-so.Does she know thatyou're seeing me?No.She'd be angry if she knew.Where are we?You don't smoke, do you?I'm sorry for smoking.The weather is nice.I haven't felt so goodin a long time.Is that right?I'm so happy and relaxed...You can go to sleep.Are you sure?I'm really going to sleep.You're so kind.Don't kind guys lose out?What?But thanks to that,we got to meet.Hiroshi, thank you.Buy it for me.That's enough!I want it.Mom.Let's eat.Isn't this Lake Suwa?We came so far.Yeah.Have some.Hiroshi.What a funny wayto hold the chopsticks...You used to hold themlike that as a child, too.This is the proper way.Someone told me thesame thing recently.Who?The noodles here are tasty.Aren't you going to eat?I'm full.I'm all choked up.You brought me all the way here.And you made meremember the past...Do you want to see Maki?Maki?But she doesn't knowthat we're seeing each other.That's why."Mom, are you happy with him?""Father said..."What is this?"A Brief Message from the Heart."She wrote it.Let's go to see her.So, Maki wrote this...Why did you leave home?You didn't get along with Dad?I know how Dad was, sinceI lived with him for 22 years.Was he too set in his ways?No. He was a nice man.He was a very nice man.Anything I say willsound like an excuse.But our marriage wasn'tright from the start.When we met, I had a lover...that I had just broken up with.Your dad knew thatwhen we got married.We had Maki and you.But I started seeingmy lover again.So I finally left home.I had abandoned all of you.I can never make it up.What is your lover doing now?He worked for a trading firm.He would often goabroad for business.And I had a smallbusiness of my own.We didn't livetogether for very long.He died three years ago...in a car accident in Jakarta.I've lived alone likethis, ever since.This place has changed a lot.But the sky is the same.And the castle.Would you like to come in?No, I can't.Why not?I have somethingto pick up from home.It's this way. Go straight.Tum right at the third comer.Thanks.I found out where Maki works.That man's name is Sakata.What do you think of him?Maki was working for hiscompany until recently.She seems to be inlove with him.Oh, my. I should've takena better look at him.That one. The backside of the pillar.Hold it right there.It's very dark.What's going on?Is this it?The mark is terrible.Inject some there!Ms. Maehara.We need more parchment.I'll get it.Maki.Take the ink to the front.Yes.I'll bring it right away.Hello.Mom! I was lookingall over for you.Did you see Maki?Yes.Did you talk to her?I couldn't.I'll call her.Talk to her.No, Hiroshi.Let's go.Why?You came all the wayhere. How disappointing.Thanks.I want to take it slowly.This is enough for today.Mama. Where are you now?Matsumoto?Yes... that's right.The owner wanted to talkto you about Singapore.I'm going to decline it.I'm not going to Singapore.I see.But he wants to see youtonight to talk about it.OK. Anyway, I'll go and see him.What's up?Are you in a rush to go back?Yes. I'll go back by train.I need some time aloneto think things over.Sorry.You have a hard job.It's hard to earn money.You should know it... you work.Maybe I'll ask you fora favor the next time.What is it about?A job for a girl.Can you help her find a job?Who is she? Your girlfriend?No, she isn't. Oh, never mind.Hi, Maki.Are you alone? Where'sInoue and the others?At Misuzu Street.I can manage alone, here.Hiroshi came bytoday with a lady.He was with a lady?She was very pretty.What is he doing?I'd better go to Tokyoand check on him.I'll do that.Thanks. I'll be workingon the other side.Yes.Go away.Show us the nude.If anything, we'd rathersee you nude.Please show it to us quickly.Get lost!How scary!Let's go.This isn't a peep show.You startled me.For you to shout like that...You must be tired.Of course, I'm tired.Then go home.Mr. Sakata.How long do you planto continue this?I'm doing it to earn a living.But you shouldn'tsacrifice yourself for it.You should cherishyourself more.I agree, but...I think you're hungry.Yes, I'm hungry.Aren't you hungry, too?Then go to dinner with me!Well... Where...Sorry. I have to meetmy sister-in-law tonight.I knew it.She's pretty, isn't she?Maki. Wait.Next time. For sure."A Brief Message from the Heart"."Mom, are you happy with him?"."Dad said nothing and died quietly."How old are you?Twenty-one.Why aren't you goingback to Kyushu?Your parents must be worried.My dad died a while back.My mom remarried.I couldn't get along with mynew father and his children.So I have no home to return to.So your mom remarried...What are you good at?Nothing.There must besomething. Think hard.There's nothing.In high school, I entereda swimming competition.Mom, can you hire heras a bar hostess then?Hiroshi, don't get the wrong idea.That's no way to geta job for someone.Take it more seriously, Yumiko.Yes.So you're good in sports.Do your best.Yeah.I'm only swimming.She has a nice form.She can learn about the job todayand meet the boss tomorrow.Please do that.Mom, thanks.It's nothing.I actually want to domore for you.It's OK.My car is over there.I'm free today.Can I see your apartment?What? Now?Yes.No, Mom.You have to tell me in advance.I'm going.I guess I have no choice.Here's my key. I'm inRoom #3 on the second floor.I'll go park my car,so wait for me in my room.Who are you?You are...Maki.You're Maki.Show me your face.I knew I'd see you someday.But I wasn't expectingto see you now...How many years has it been?Eighteen years.You've grown into a fine adult.You look pretty.Where's Hiroshi?Why are you here?He'll be here shortly.I'm...Since when have youbeen seeing Hiroshi?How did it tum to this?We met only recently.He came to see me.He gave me a ride.We visited your dad's grave.You did?You went to Dad's grave?That isn't all.We went to the house.We looked for you.And we went to your workplace.What are you trying to do?You're the one who left us.You forgot about usfor the past 18 years.Yes, I had forgotten about you.That's only becausethat was easier.Rather than suffer.That's just an excuse.Now that you've met Hiroshi...You want to live with us.That's just too selfish of you.No.I wasn't thinking that.Mom...You're here, too.What was that for?Hiroshi!How could you!Don't you feel badlytowards Dad?Who do you think raised us?It was Dad!When we were in gradeschool and junior high school...No matter how busy he was...He'd cook for us everydayand do our laundry.That is why we are here today.Only Dad, you, and Ishared a life together.This person wasn'tpart of our family.This person? She's our mom.Maki, what's the matter?Stop it, Hiroshi.Maki's right.She's right.I was so excited to see you.When I had no right to be.I got carried away.Maki.Hiroshi.Forgive me.Mom.Don't come after me.Maki.Where are you?Tokyo?Hello?What's wrong?Hello?What happened?Mr. Sakata...Am I a headstrongand disagreeable woman?You must dislike me.Tae.I heard you were lookingfor me. What's up?About that Singaporeoffer that I turned down...Did you find someoneelse for it already?Yes.As for Daphne andthe Akasaka bars...I'm going to have someoneyoung be in charge.What's the matter? Did youhave something to tell me?Will you offer it to me again?Really?The last time...you said you had itwith the bar business.What happened?We're more than acquaintances.I'll think about it.Have some.Thanks.You seem to be in a foul mood.It's not good for youto drink so recklessly.Leave me alone.I don't want to live long.Those are the veryones who live long...and complain that the kidsdon't care about them.Not me.I won't ask my kidsfor anything.Good.I mean it.Sensei...What happened to thewoman who can't get married...nor live by herself?I don't know.I haven't decided yet.What will happento her in the end?Will she die?I don't know.I want to know.Then let her die.Is my mom out?It's terrible.She's been experiencinggreat pain since morning.What?Mom. What's wrong?Where's the pain?I bought you medicine.I'll get you some water now.Let's go to the hospital.It's OK, Hiroshi.Go home.No, let's go.Wait, Hiroshi. I have to change.Are you OK?Lean on me.You've been pushingyourself too hard.It's more than gastritis.You can sit up now.Is the painkiller working?Yes... thank you.You need to get a complete exam.It could be ulcers.Your liver is swollen.You shouldn't havewaited this long.A complete exam?That's what the doctor said.Please fill this out.Mom. How do you feel?Thanks. I feel better.You need a complete exam.You have to fill this out.Wait. What are yougoing to do about this?I don't need it.I'm going home.Mom.Did you get the job?Yes. Thanks.Do you want something to drink?Well let's see.Please have something hot.I'll have tea, then.I'll get it for you.Let me...That's the least I can do.We found you.You sure gave us a lotof trouble! Pay up!Leave her alone.Who are you? A pimp?Stop it!What are you doing?Take your hands off!Who are you? Get lost!I'm her guardian.Leave her alone.Guardian?That works out for us.She owes two million yen.Pay up.That's not true.What?Who should I pay?Your boss?If what you say is true,I'll meet him and pay him back.He's busy.Besides, who would trust you?Oh, really?I operate a bar in Ginza.This is my business card.I won't run or hide.If that's not enough,we can go to the police.There's a police station nearby.All right.We'll contact you here.Fine. We'll saveyour face today.Are you all right?Thanks, Mom.You're tough.It's time for you to go to work.Cheer up.Do your best.Will you move aside?We want to give thiskitty some water.It's cute.Mom, I've been thinking.Let's live together.You can keep working.Let's live together.I can't do that.Why not?Because of Maki?It's not that.Kids need their mothersmost when they are small.And to be there for them,is the mother's role.What can a mother do,after they grow up into adults?I didn't do anything for youtwo when you needed me.So I can't live with you nowto lead an easier life.That's being too selfish.No one will think thatyou are selfish.You're my mom.Who cares.Why are you and Makiso stubborn?That's all I can do now.Otherwise, I'd be miserable.Don't say anymore.When I'm with you...I forget reality.Because you're so gentle.Hiroshi, thank youfor everything.Be kind to Maki.Mom, wait.Wait.Don't go out on the street.My kitty... is over there.It's going to get run over.Wait here.Hiroshi!Hiroshi!Get an ambulance!Ambulance!Hiroshi.Hiroshi.Hiroshi.The kitty...How's the kitty?Doctor.Will he be OK?He needs a blood transfusion.We'll operate after that.Use my blood.I'm his mother.Calm down.We'll do our best.Maki...Hiroshi!How did this happen?He needs rest.Please wait outside.Maki...What happened?Why did this happen?It's my fault.I couldn't help him...He was with you again.Will he be OK?What am I going to doif he dies?We only have each other.Please.Please rest there.We'll be here.How kind of you.I'll get you a blanket.It's OK.I'm all right.Thank you so much.Mr. Maehara.Can you hear me?You've come to.You've made it through.He's awake. You cantalk to him briefly.Hiroshi.Hiroshi.Maki...You had me worried.What happened?The kitty...Maki.It was a kitty.Mom.Mom.I'm glad.I'm really glad.Mom... It's ironic, isn't it?I'm in the hospital now,instead of you.Hiroshi.Maki, I'm sorry.I won't bother youagain, don't worry.Mr. Sakata, pleaselook after her.Yes, of course.Maki, goodbye.Maki, what's the matter?Are you going to letit go at that?You must go after her.Or you'll regret it.Mom, wait.Maki...Mom!Maki.Mom, I'm sorry.I couldn't open up to you.I blamed you.Forgive me.What is there to forgive?I'm the one thatneeds to be forgiven.I abandoned you anddidn't do anything for you.I left you when you wereso small and innocent.Never mind about that...But Maki, pleasebelieve this much...I never forgot about you two.There wasn't a day I didn'tthink about you two.I would keep track of your age...What grade you were in school...Your health...And each time...I really wanted to come see you.But when I thought of yourfather's feelings... I couldn't..Mom...He single-handedly...raised the two of youinto fine adults.I can't thank him enough for it.I owe him an apology...I...I had no idea how you felt.I resented you all these years.You have every rightto resent me...You should direct your18 years of anger at me.Let it all out.And tell me about all yoursadness and loneliness.I waited so long forthis moment.Me, too.I...I really missed you.Maki!Mom!So there's no postcardfrom Norio today.Not today.Are you going away?Somewhere far away?You don't have to tell me.Tae.Didn't you write all thesepostcards from Norio?I knew about it.He died three years ago.But you didn't tell me.Why did you hide it?I couldn't even give hima burial as his mother.There was a time I helda grudge against you.Mother...But you were just tryingto be considerate...since I'm old and blind.Thank you very much.I'm sorry for lying to you.I guess this will be farewell.Life is full of farewells.The older you get, thebetter you are at handling it.That's true.Wherever you go,please write to me.Yes, I will. I promise.You're not kickingyour legs right.It's OK.I was never good atswimming, anyway.I talked to my momon the phone...and she said she'll cometo Matsumoto next week.They're going to throwa get-well party for me.Can you come?Is it OK for me to go?Don't you want to monopolizeyour pretty and nice mother?Yes, I do.Hey!Maki.Did you eat lunch?Yes.Good. You're grouchywhen you're hungry.What is it?My mom is comingto our house next week.Can you come, too?Your mom?Of course, I'll come.I'll go with you.You don't have to come.I want to help you.Uncle!Em I, stop. Don't bother them.Why?Not that I'm tryingto change your mind, but...How's your health?I'm OK.I don't think Singaporeis for the desperate.My mind is clearand I feel better.Call me over,after you settle down.Please.What are you saying?You can make it in Tokyo.Thanks for the thought.Hiroshi, I'm downstairs.I'll be waiting.Mom, you're early.Listen.I have to take careof some urgent business.I don't have time.I must leave now.That's too bad.Maki was lookingforward to seeing you.I'll call her to apologize.When can I see you next?I can't make any promises now.Sorry, Hiroshi.To Yumiko, too.It's OK. Will youpromise to see me again?Yes. I'll see you again.You've fully recovered.What's all that about?Don't be bashful.Maehara Hiroshi, 22 years old.My son.You've been so kind to me,so it's my way of thanking you.Drive off.Hello?Mom?You can't make it?I'm really sorry.I've already told Hiroshi.I'm sorry I have notime to see you.That is why I called.Where are you calling from?When can I see you again?Is that businessgoing to take long?I'm afraid so.Mom...Where are you going?Mom.Are you leaving usto go somewhere?Maki, what's wrong?You make it sound as ifwe'll never meet again.Let's stop crying.I couldn't do anythingfor you until now.So I want to change things.That is why I'm going.Meeting you two recently...has brought metears and smiles.Those memories, alone,will keep me going.Mom...I don't have much time left.I must go.Mr. Sakata is a nice man.He was so kind to meat the hospital.When I asked himto look after you,he said, "Yes, of course."He's a very nice person.I feel relieved.Goodbye, Maki.Dad...Mom said she can't make it."Mom, are you happy with him?""Dad said nothing anddied quietly."The End